(CNN) -- It seems the 2012 election cycle learned tricks employed by criminals and dictators. NBC reported last summer that an anonymous shell company made a $1 million donation to Restore Our Future, a pro-Mitt Romney PAC. The company, which was incorporated this year in Delaware -- a state known for peddling corporate secrecy -- then quickly dissolved, leaving no trace of the person who controlled it. The negative publicity surrounding this news report led the anonymous donor to identify himself and the PAC to confirm it. But there is no reason to believe that this is the first or the last instance of campaign finance hiding behind the opacity of anonymous U.S. shell companies. Even more troubling, this example demonstrates just how easy it is to exploit U.S. laws and use anonymous companies to funnel money through the financial system. Individuals can legally disguise their identities and assets behind anonymous shell companies. Information about the beneficial, or ultimate, owner of a company is not required to be collected when a company forms. This enables people, including those on financial sanctions lists, to hide behind anonymous corporate vehicles and deposit illicit funds into American banks. Congress has worked hard to tighten laws to combat money laundering and tax evasion, but incorporation laws continue to allow the formation and operation of anonymous shell companies that fly under the radar, making it nearly impossible for law enforcement to do its job. The same loophole that allowed a donor to hide behind an anonymous shell company provides terrorists, corrupt foreign politicians and drug traffickers opportunity to squirrel dirty money into and through the U.S. financial system. Pariah regimes such as Iran have benefited from secrecy provided by American shell companies. A lengthy and expensive investigation by the Department of Justice uncovered a complex nesting of shell companies that allowed Iran to profit from New York's pricey real estate market. Viktor Bout, on trial in New York on terrorism charges, is also accused of setting up a global network of shell companies to disguise illicit activities. The Nicolas Cage movie "Lord of War" is loosely based on this Russian arms dealer, who authorities say provided weapons used to fuel conflicts throughout Africa, South America and the Middle East. After he was extradited to the U.S. last year, Attorney General Eric Holder said, "Long considered one of the world's most prolific arms traffickers, Bout will appear in federal court in Manhattan to answer charges of conspiring to sell millions of dollars worth of weapons to a terrorist organization for use in trying to kill Americans. To date, 12 American shell companies linked to Bout (PDF) have been identified -- incorporated in Texas, Florida and Delaware. Corrupt foreign politicians also take advantage of anonymous U.S. front companies to hide money they have stolen from their own countries. In Equatorial Guinea, the Obiang regime stashed millions of dollars in American banks while poverty in the country worsened. The president's son, despite a monthly salary of less than $7,000, used wire transfers and American shell companies to funnel more than $100 million through U.S. banks -- funds that allowed him to purchase (PDF) a $35 million mansion in Malibu and a $33 million private jet. There is a simple solution that would prevent these crimes. If states collected information about the real people who own or control a company when it is formed, it would be much harder for criminals to hide their identities in order to launder illicit funds into the financial system. In August, Sens. Carl Levin, D-Michigan, and Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, introduced a bill that would close this loophole. The Incorporation Transparency and Law Enforcement Assistance Act (PDF) would require states to maintain a registry of the beneficial owners of each corporation and LLC formed according to its laws. This is an easy change. States would need only to add a question inquiring about the ultimate owner of the company to incorporation forms they already use. Multiple law enforcement agencies have endorsed the bill, which would give them access to this information. Setting a standard for collecting information about the true owner of a company would level the playing field between the states while preventing terrorists, drug traffickers and kleptocrats from hiding behind corporate secrecy. It would also strengthen our homeland security, make it harder for corrupt politicians to steal money that should be used to eliminate poverty and reduce the ability of Americans and foreigners alike to anonymously donate large sums of money to political campaigns. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stefanie Ostfeld. By . Scarlett Russell . Much like Katherine Heigl's character in the film 27 dresses, Sherry Kettner, 31, from Arkansas, U.S. is the serial bridesmaid who is still waiting to find a husband of her own. Sherry has experienced a total of 13 hen dos, sets of wedding pictures and rounds of speeches and still gets excited every time she gets an invite. Her serial role has seen her walk up the aisle on the arm of people aged eight to 80 in churches, fields and town halls for the big days of her closest friends. Big day: Sherry Kettner (L) at her friends Heathers wedding (R). Sherry has been bridesmaid at 13 weddings but is still looking for a love of her own . Party gal: Sherry attends a party wearing the bridesmaid dress she wore to her sister Kayla's wedding . Film star: Katherine Heigl as Jane in the 2008 film 27 Dresses, where she, like real life Sherry, was always the bridesmaid but never the bride . Sherry was first called upon for bridesmaid duty when she was 18 and did the honours for three high school friends; Camille, Bekah and Amanda. After . she graduated university in 2007 she was asked to walk down the aisle . ahead of two friends Emily and Arlene and her two sisters Ericka and . Kayla. And . since 2008 she’s been a bridesmaid six more times in as many years for . friends, her college roommate, and a fellow blogger for a lifestyle . website she contributes to. While Sherry, who works with adults with special needs for the Barnabas . Foundation, has never been a bride herself, she’s still hoping her big day will come. Happy: Sherry, top right, as a bridesmaid at her friend Emily's wedding. Sherry has been to 13 hen dos, been in 13 sets of pictures and sat through 13 sets of speeches . Never the bride: Sherry, left, walks down the aisle at the wedding of her friend Lauren. Katherine Heigl played a fictional character Jane, right, in 27 Dresses who was a bridesmaid numerous times but remained single . She was engaged four and a half years ago and since the relationship ended she has remained single, but she says she’ll never get bored of supporting people on their . big day, as well as the rest of their marriage. 'I’ve been a bridesmaid so many times but the buzz is still the same when I’m asked,' she says. 'It’s such an honour to be invited to be part of someone’s wedding that I can’t help but say yes. 'Although it’s common for people to get married quite young where I live, I haven’t lost hope. 'I definitely want to get married and have children one day. 'Until then I just feel so blessed to have been part of so many special days!' Congratulations! Sherry (2nd L) at her friend Heather's wedding. 'I've been a bridesmaid so many times but the buzz is still the same when I'm asked,' she says . Sitting pretty: Sherry (Back R) at her friend Jules' wedding. Since she was 18 Sherry, now 31, has been a bridesmaid 13 times . Amongst . the traditional white dress church weddings, Sherry as worn a black . gown, carried a parasol instead of flowers and boogied the night away at . a 1980s themed rehearsal dinner. At one wedding the bridal party even pulled James Bond poses at the altar. Unsurprisingly, the odd dress-disaster inevitably cropped up during two of the 13 nuptials. One . bride tried to be kind by picking a value-for-money dress that suited . four bridesmaids, but with its grey-green tinge and high necked . Victorian-style collar that reached Sherry’s ears, it ended up far from flattering. At her own sister’s wedding, a suspect seamstress in charge of alterations did such a bad job, the perfect dresses that had been handmade for each bridesmaid ended up sticking out in all the wrong places. These aside, Sherry has lovingly hung onto six of the dresses - and even wears them for parties now. Sister love: Sherry (L) at her sister Kayla's wedding. Hopeful Sherry says: 'I feel so blessed to have been part of so many special days' Rock n roll: Sherry (Back L) at her friend Alicia's wedding. Since 2008 she's been a bridesmaid six times for friends, her college roommate, and a fellow blogger for a lifestyle website she contributes to . Blushing bridesmaid: Sherry (2nd R) at Gracie's wedding. In the 13 weddings she has been bridesmaid for, Sherry has worn a black gown, carried a parasol instead of flowers and boogied the night away at a 1980s themed rehearsal dinne . Jumping for joy: Sherry (2nd L) at Gracie's wedding. 'It's such an honour to be invited to be part of someone's wedding that I can't help but say yes,' she says . But unlike Katherine Heigl in the 2008 film, she’s never had to dash between two weddings in one evening - or been forced to plan the wedding of her crush to someone else. 'As much as I love that film I’m not sure about all the things [Katherine's character Jane] does,' says Sherry. 'Unlike Jane I’ve been really good friends of all the people I’ve been a bridesmaid for. They’ve wanted me to support them in their marriage, not just organise their big day! 'All the weddings I’ve been in have been about the people not just a big white dress and a cake. 'I love weddings, they’re great to meet people and bring people together, but if it’s just about the party then it loses the attraction for me. 'It has to be about celebrating lasting love.' She adds: 'I really have been very fortunate with the dresses - there’s only been one that was a bit of a shocker. And in hindsight even that wasn’t so bad. 'I’ve even managed to get some wear out of them again.' Nottingham businessman Hardy had been expected to complete the purchase of the League Two club on Monday. But the deal is being held up after it emerged the Haydn Green estate is owed a seven-figure sum. Lawyers for Hardy and outgoing owner Ray Trew spent most of Monday trying to find a solution without success. Hardy is chief executive of the Paragon group and owner of Nottinghamshire Golf and Country Club. Notts have lost their past ten League Two matches and are 22nd in the table. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been accused of abusing his power after drafting a code of behaviour for asylum seekers that threatens to deport them for ‘irritating people, disturbing someone or spitting or swearing in public’. Australia’s tough stance over asylum seekers from Indonesia has soured relations between the two countries in recent months and this document is not likely to improve matters. The number of asylum seekers from Iran, Afghanistan, Myanmar and elsewhere reaching Australia in Indonesian fishing boats has soared in recent years and Australia has occasionally used its Navy to tow boats back to Indonesian waters. Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been accused of abusing his power after his government drafted a controversial code of conduct for asylum seekers . Asylum seekers react as they are evacuated, many of those seeking asylum in Australia are from middle-eastern countries like Iraq . Now those who manage to make it to Australia’s shores will have to sign a new code of behaviour, currently in draft form, which sets out how they’re expected to behave. The document, which applies to those arriving by boat - or 'illegal maritime arrivals' - was leaked to The Asylum Seeker Resource Centre. It states that they are banned from ‘irritating people’, ‘disturbing people’, ‘damaging property, spitting or swearing in public’ and ‘other actions that other people might find offensive’. ‘Spreading rumours’ at work or ‘excluding someone from a group or place on purpose’ are also banned. The Asylum Seeker Resource Centre said punishment for code of behaviour infringements could vary. It said: 'It could start with just a warning, you may have your Red Cross payments reduced or stopped all together or you may be placed in detention in Australia or offshore on Nauru and Manus Island.' An Australian frigate stands by as defence personel board an asylum seeker boat off of the coast of Christmas Island. Australia has had a recent bout of . Kon Karapanagiotidis, a spokesman for organisation, told The Telegraph: ‘No other industrialised nation criminalises everyday behaviour. The idea that spitting in public or getting a parking fine is enough to get you sent to an off shore detention centre is extraordinary. It is an abuse of power and creates a climate of terror for asylum seekers.’ The controversy follows news that an Indonesian court has sentenced a Pakistani man to seven years in jail for attempting to smuggle asylum seekers to Australia on a rickety boat that sank, killing about 90 people. Javaid Mahmood, 55, was the second person found guilty by the East Jakarta District Court in connection with the overloaded fishing boat that capsized on its way to Christmas Island in June 2012. Another 110 people on the boat were rescued. A panel of three judges concluded that Mahmood, also known as Billu, organized the voyage and conspired with an international syndicate that smuggled asylum seekers from Indonesia to Australia. The judges said each asylum seeker paid the people smugglers up to $5,150 to get to Australia. Last year, the court sentenced an Afghan man, Dawood Amiri, 20, to six years in prison and ordered him to pay $79,000. His interrogation led police to arrest Billu almost a year after the deadly voyage. Prosecutors, who had requested a 10-year sentence, said the defendant knew that the boat was overloaded but did nothing to stop it from sailing. He was among the survivors and had organized three previous trips to Australia. The judges also ordered him to pay $66,200 or face an additional six months in prison. Indonesian Foreign Minister Marty Natalegawa has criticized an Australia policy of turning back boats with asylum seekers as a violation of Indonesian sovereignty. Australia has apologized for incidents in which its border patrol boats entered Indonesian waters without permission, which had prompted Indonesia to demand that Australia suspend such operations against boats carrying asylum seekers. Indonesia has long been a transit point for people fleeing war-ravaged countries on their way to Australia. The pair were sued after making fun of a video by another film-maker, Matt Hosseinzadeh, in which he pursued a love interest using parkour. They had used clips of his film, which he claimed was copyright infringement. But a judge ruled the Kleins' video criticising his work was "fair use as a matter of law". Ethan and Hila Klein have an audience of more than 4 million subscribers on their YouTube channel. In February 2016, they posted a video in which they watched Mr Hosseinzadeh's parkour video and made fun of it. Their video included several clips of his original video, interspersed with their own commentary and jokes. Mr Hosseinzadeh - known online as Matt Hoss - said in his original complaint that the pair had reproduced "virtually all of the work" as "nothing more than a prop" in their comedy routine. But on Wednesday, New York district judge Katherine Forrest rejected the claim. "Any review of the Klein video leaves no doubt that it constitutes critical commentary of the Hoss video," she wrote. "There is also no doubt that the Klein video is decidedly not a market substitute for the Hoss video." The ruling is significant since so-called reaction videos, in which YouTubers use clips of others' work and react to them, are a popular genre on the platform. Forrest warned that while the Kleins' video was fair use, other reaction videos were often "more akin to a group viewing session without commentary". "Accordingly, the court is not ruling here that all 'reaction videos' constitute fair use," she said. Mr Klein said the ruling was a "huge victory for fair use on YouTube". He told the BBC: "All of our work for the past four years is validated, as there has never been a court opinion about reaction videos. "The judge called our method of criticism 'quintessential', which is a huge win for us and the YouTube community. I'm extremely grateful to everyone who supported us along the way." No-one it seems, is too elite to take a leaf out of Kate Middleton's style book when an important occasion calls, and that includes Chelsea Clinton, America's former first daughter. For when Chelsea emerged from Manhattan's Lenox Hill hospital yesterday evening cradling three-day-old baby Charlotte, she was dressed in near-identical attire to that worn by Kate last year when she first left St. Mary's Hospital in London with Prince George, now 14 months old. Chelsea's pale printed cornflower-blue dress, cut just above the knee, was slightly looser than the one worn by Kate, and she sported a fresh blowout - albeit a slightly less immaculate one than Kate's. All in all, however, the look was the same: fresh, modest, new-motherly. Spotted again! Chelsea Clinton left hospital with three-day-old baby Charlotte yesterday evening (left), opting for almost the same outfit as that worn by Kate Middleton, Duchess of Cambridge, when she left hospital with Prince George last July (right) Chelsea descended the steps of the hospital with little Charlotte wrapped in white swaddling, sporting a pair of low-heeled wedges - just like Kate did - flanked by her adoring husband, Marc Mezvinsky. Marc, an investment banker, made like Prince William, both first-time fathers, and stood protectively just behind his wife, letting she and baby Charlotte take center stage. He went one further in the public affection stakes, however, when he delivered a quick kiss to the top of Chelsea's head for all the world to see. Charlotte, whose birth-weight hasn't been released, was a surprise to Chelsea and Marc, who choose not to find out the sex of their unborn child. Kate and William on the other hand, knew they were expecting a boy, George, who weighed in at 8lb 6oz. Royal blue: Chelsea, America's former first daughter, had clearly treated herself to a post-birth blowout (left), much the same - if a little less coiffed - than Kate's last year (right) - and both wore low-heeled wedges . Eagerly awaited: Baby Charlotte's (left) birth-weight has not been revealed and her sex was kept as a surprise for her parents. George (right) weighed in at 8lb 6oz and Kate and William knew he would be a boy . Chelsea had the iron-clad support of her parents, former US president Bill Clinton and Senator Hilary Clinton, who accompanied the new couple out of the hospital. Kate's nor William's parents were present on the hospital steps for their big reveal. Kate, now pregnant with her second child, won widespread praise for choosing the dress she did for George's unveiling last July - a custom-made Jenny Packham polka dot number - which made no attempts to hide her post-birth mummy tummy. In fact, it made a show of it. Chelsea, whose looser dress swamped her curves, gave birth at 7.03pm Friday night, and announced the news a few hours later. Doting dads: Chelsea's husband Marc Mezvinsky planted an adoring kiss on his wife's head (left) while Prince William was clearly smitten too, if a little more reserved with his public display (right) Rabbit in the headlights: Both Marc (left) and William (right) appeared somewhat overcome by their new-found fatherhood and the media circus surrounding them . Details surrounding the actual birth have not yet emerged, but Chelsea stayed in the hospital for a full three days before checking out. Kate, who left the hospital only one day after giving birth, later described her own 11-hour labor as 'perfect.' An insider told Vanity Fair last year: '[Kate] said it was straightforward and there were no complications. She wanted a natural birth and she was so happy she was able to have one.' Proud grandparents: Chelsea had the support of her parents, former president Bill Clinton and Senator Hilary Clinton, who accompanied she, Marc and Charlotte out of the hospital (pictured) Easy peasy: Kate, who left the hospital only one day after giving birth, later described her own 11-hour labor as 'perfect' The dress: Pale blue paisley design with short sleeves, cut just above the knee and loose-fitting . The shoes: Royal blue suede low-heeled wedges with rounded toes . The hair: An almost-straight blowout, left with a natural kink . The make-up: Minimal, with just a faint hint of lipstick . Demeanor: Beaming with unrestrained pride, joy and excitement . The dress: Cornflower-blue polka dot empire-line design with short sleeves, cut just above the knee, custom-made by Jenny Packham . The shoes: Cream low-heeled sandal wedges with rounded toes . The hair: Kate's trademark blowout; sleek and finished with loose waves . The make-up: Polished, with groomed brows, blush and a hint of eyeliner . Demeanor:Glowing,elegant but evidently tired and a little nervous . Bill and Hillary met their granddaughter for the first time on Saturday, and shared photographs of them cooing over the baby, declaring themselves 'over the moon'. Moments before, Chelsea had shared the first picture of her daughter, which shows her cradling the baby next to her husband. The couple, who married in July 2010, announced in April that they were expecting their first child. Mummy tummy: Kate won widespread praise for the custom-made Jenny Packham dress she wore for her big moment, as it accentuated - rather than hid - her post-birth stomach (right) and Chelsea wasn't hiding hers either (left) Precious cargo: Hands-on William packed his new son George into a black SUV and drove his new family away from the hospital himself . Duties: Hilary and Bill arrive at Chelsea's Manhattan apartment shortly after they leave hospital to settle baby Charlotte into her new home . Bill and Hillary had been publicly gushing for months at the prospect of becoming grandparents, though Chelsea's exact due date had been kept quiet. In a recent TV interview, former President Bill said: 'I hope by the first of October, I'll be a grandfather.' Happily for him, his wish was granted. Gushing grandparents: The Clintons have made no secret of their longing for a grandchild - and posted this picture in celebration when Charlotte was born . 'We are in love': Chelsea posted this picture of her holding Charlotte with husband and new father Marc shortly after the birth . Last week, Hillary also excited fans as she told a crowd at political steak fry in Indianola, Iowa: 'Bill and I are on constant grandchild watch. So don't be surprised if we suddenly go sprinting off the stage. 'I want to babysit any chance I get,' she added. When Chelsea announced her pregnancy during a Clinton Foundation event devoted to empowering young women, she told guests: 'Marc and I are very excited that we have our first child arriving later this year. Luxurious: The Manhattan-based Lenox Hill hospital suite Chelsea chose for her birth offers huge, well-appointed rooms such as this (pictured) Royal chambers: Kate opted for a room similar to this one (pictured) in the private Lindo Wing of St. Mary's Hospital in London, where Princes William and Harry were born decades before . Hilary added: 'I certainly feel all the better whether it's a girl or a boy that she or he will grow up in world filled with so many strong, young female leaders. 'I just hope that I will be as good a mom to my child and hopefully children as my mom was to me.' Kate's carefully staged-managed outfit for the day she introduces the world to the second royal baby next year remains to be seen. Chances are that, when that day comes, Chelsea will be watching closely. By . Eddie Wrenn . PUBLISHED: . 11:15 EST, 12 March 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 13:42 EST, 12 March 2012 . James Bond's nemesis Goldfinger may be fictional, but his love of gold is a real phenomenon. In fact, if the villain was alive and had £5m to spare, this might have been his next purchase - a Rolls Royce decked out inside and out with 120kg of gold. This Rolls Royce Phantom - worth around £330,000 by itself - has been turned into a golden tribute for a mega-rich Middle Eastern business man by designer Liverpool-based Stuart Hughes. With gold worth more than £3m lavished on the vehicle - plus other customised work to make the car both bullet and grenade-proof - the value of the car is now close to £5.2m. One of a kind: The gold-plated Rolls Royce Phantom, worth more than £5m, has been customised for a businessman in the Middle East . Face of gold: The Rolls Royce has been trimmed with gold and is also bullet-proof . Liverpool gold designer Stuart Hughes created the masterpiece of a vehicle . In total, 120kg . of solid 18-carat gold has been applied to the car both inside . and out. The outside trims have all been decked with gold, and for the inside, molds were made of all the fixtures, and then used to plate the interior. The British designer has made a name for himself by apparently turning the most improbable of items into gold-decked luxury goods. Previously, he is said to have 'blinged' iPads, Blackberries, and even a miniature version of a Bugatti Veyron, which, at a value of £2m, costs almost twice as much as the real thing. The value of the Phantom may make it tempting to thieves - but think twice if you are tempted, as the Phantom is about as bullet-proof proof as they come. Swiss company Eurocash AG, based in Zug, approached Mr Hughes for the project, and while he carried out the gold work, Eurocash set about making the car practically indestructible. The vehicle can withstand more than 570 rounds fired into it from an AK47 assault rifle, as well as attacks from two hand grenades, meaning that unless the anonymous owner leaves the keys in the ignition, this car is likely to withstand any situations. Inside is golden: The leather interior is trimmed with gold, with every item in the car getting a moulded gold fascia . The back view: Most drivers might turn a shade of green if they see this ever see this view through the windscreen . Sean Connery takes on the 'gold standard' of film enemies - Gert Frobe as Goldfinger - in the 1964 Bond classic . However, the Phantom is by no means the most expensive car ever sold - just last month a classic Ferrari changed hands for £20.2million. The legendary Ferrari 250 GTO is the world’s most sought-after car, especially as there were only 39 models built between 1962 and 1964. This 1963 model - number 5095 - is believed to have been sold by British businessman Jon Hunt, who bought it in 2008 for what was then world-record at £15.7million. Samsung last night unveiled its latest flagship device, the Galaxy S3, the follow-up to last year's best-selling phone in the world. The smartphone market moves on once more, with the hi-tech voice-controlled Galaxy S3 likely to becomes a standard-bearer for Google’s Android operating system - and a device for the Apple refuseniks. The phone’s most innovative feature is built-in face-tracking and voice control - allowing, Samsung claims, for a more 'natural' control system. Other innovations include what Samsung claims is a 'more intelligent' lock system, that keeps the screen 'awake' when the phone’s camera senses eyes watching it, rather than turning it off. Blue and white: The Samsung S3 launches at the end of May, available in 'pebble blue' and 'marble white' The voice control system is called S Voice - and allows access to weather forecasts, web searches and scheduling, similar to iPhone’s Siri system. Saying 'I want to take a picture' launches the camera application - and will work in eight languages at launch. S Voice can also reply out loud - which Samsung claims will allow the system to be used while driving. Available in blue and white, the phone will be launched at the end of May, starting in Europe, with other regions following. Samsung played on its expertise in screens with a large 4.8-inch Super AMOLED screen running a resolution of 1280 x 720p - far bigger than Apple’s iPhone, and close in size to the smaller end of the tablet market. Ready for launch: A still from Samsung's presentation reveals the S3 for the first time . Screen size:4.8 inch . Processor:1.4 Ghz quad-core . Memory size:Up to 32gb (+64gb with card) Operating system:Android Ice Cream Sandwich . Camera:Eight megapixel . Weight: . 133grams . Dimensions:Height - 136mmWidth - 70mmDepth - 8.5mm . Battery:2100mAh . Screen size:4.7 inch . Processor:1.5Ghz quad-core . Memory size:32GB (non-expandable) Operating system:Android Ice Cream Sandwich . Camera:Eight megapixel . Weight:130grams . Dimensions:Height - 134mmWidth - 69mmDepth - 8.9mm . Battery:1800mAh . Screen size:3.5 inch . Processor:800 MHz dual-core . Memory size:Up to 64gb (non-expandable) Operating system:iOS . Camera:Eight megapixel . Weight:140grams . Dimensions:Height - 115mmWidth - 58mmDepth - 9mm . Battery:1432mAh . The S3 is powered by a quad-core processor - similar to the ones found in many laptops, and far more powerful than the dual core found in the iPhone. The phone also includes an NFC chip - near-field-communications - allowing users to share content such as video by tapping phones together. And if you are sick of wires, a separate wireless charging kit means you can charge your phone without hooking it up to the socket. Live audience: Hundreds of people packed into the Earls Court auditorium to see the launch of the phone . Mail Online science editor Rob Waugh gets hands-on with the S3: . The screen isn’t quite the match of some Android rivals such as Sony’s new Xperia S, but on every other count, this is a uniquely desirable device - and likely to set the pace for Apple’s next iPhone. The speed of the quad-core processor is detectable in every app, with the new version of Android giving everything a satisfyingly sci-fi 'Tron'-like feel, and the screen is absolutely huge - with the extra space particularly useful when panning through photos with a fingertip. It is also not massively bigger than its predecessor the S2, despite the vast screen - although anyone switching from an iPhone will definitely notice the difference. This blurs the line between phones and tablets - and pulls off the feat with verve. It's also packed with hidden treats - tapping two phones to trade videos between them at 300mbps is probably no more than a novelty, but it's a good one. Burst shoot outperforms a lot of dedicated digital cameras, with a held-down finger rattling out a machine-gun sequence of 20 pictures per second, then instantly picking the best using face detection. The auto-call function’s another 'why hasn’t anyone done this' winner - if you’re looking at a text, for instance, then pick up the phone and put it to your face, it automatically calls the person who texted you. It's smart - and it works. Voice control, as ever, is a bit more take-it-or-leave-it - although it’s unfair to judge S Voice from a crowded and noisy convention centre. It did at least bring up a weather forecast - but trying to persuade it to take a photo was far more difficult. Overall, this is a gorgeous handset that’s likely to put more momentum behind Google’s Android. Samsung has raised the stakes here - and Apple will have to do something truly special to beat this. Samsung pointed out that while the . screen is 22 per cent larger than the previous S2, the 'bezel' around it . has been slimmed down, so that the gadget is barely bigger than its . predecessor. The gadget will launch on May 29 in Europe, and in 10 other . cities worldwide including Tokyo and Dubai. The gadget also has some features clearly aimed at the . business market once dominated by BlackBerry. On-device encryption will allow secure emails working within . business networks - catering for the new trend for businesses allowing . employees to 'bring their own' smartphones rather than using company phones. The NFC chip will also be used for tap-to-pay mobile . payments, in partnership with Visa, with a 'virtual wallet' on the device . making payment simple. The . phone is also armed with a battery claimed to last longer than other . devices - despite a form factor which is 8.6mm thin and 130g in weight. The phone has an eight megapixel camera - on a par with both iPhone 4S and the previous Galaxy S2. The . device was presented by Samsung president JK Shin, who said: 'There were a lot of . rumours and speculation - some were right, and some were wrong. 'The . Galaxy S3 is the best-in-class smartphone in the world.' The . phone was shown off by The Gadget Show’s Suzi Perry at a high-profile . event at London's Earls Court exhibition centre - a large, clearly . expensive stage show that had a distinct resemblance to Apple’s . well-choreographed showings for new iPhones and iPads. 'This is the biggest launch event of the year,' said Perry. Samsung is also to launch a range of pop-up shops which will show off the handset around Europe - announcing this in a way reminiscent of Steve Job's traditional, 'One last thing,' at their product launches. A new feature called ‘Pop up Play’ enables multitasking - so that you can, for instance, put a video in a . window on screen, then use other apps with the rest of the screen. This sort of feature was previously the province of Windows or Mac machines, rather than phones. Competition: The iPhone 4S and HTC One series are also premium models with high brand loyalty . The camera can also burst-shoot at speeds of up to 20 frames per second - faster than many pro-grade cameras. The camera also automatically zooms in on faces by double-tapping the screen and a ‘best-shot’ mode auto-selects the best out of the burst. Some of the apps pre-installed on the S3 . The phone’s front camera can also shoot in HD - still rare in smartphones - and take still images at the same time. Sharing photos with friends is also . speeded up by face-recognition technology - which offers to 'share' photos with any friends detected in a photo using hi-tech face . recognition, sharing either by text message or email, with a bubble . popping up over each person's face with the option to send the photo to . them. The S2 is expected to cost around £35-£40 per . month. Carphone Warehouse said their tariffs would start for £36 on a . 24-month contract. The S3 also contains voice controls - . which brings it up to speed with the iPhone's Siri - but users may be . wondering if it will be another damp squib. Despite . the fun of Apple's Siri, most users prefer traditional controls over . speaking to their phone, and the feature which launched the iPhone 4s is . not used by many users. The Samsung Galaxy S3 will be heavily promoted with a worldwide advertising campaign starting this week. Samsung is now the biggest phone . manufacturer in the world, and for this launch they took a page out of . Apple's marketing guide and kept everything hush-hush. Even . Samsung's invite to journalists and enthusiasts for the launch in Earl's Court, London, played it quiet - simply inviting people to . 'come and meet the next Galaxy'. The stylus-equipped Galaxy Note was a hit for Samsung, proving there is a market for devices with five-inch screens . (CNN) -- Veteran director Barry Levinson has been tapped to direct a "political thriller" based on the 1995 bombing of a federal courthouse in Oklahoma City. Sources with knowledge of the project say the tentative title of the film is "O.K.C." The script is being written by Clay Wold and is based on the story of his brother, who was a young legal clerk on the defense team for Timothy McVeigh. Among Levinson's directing credits are "Good Morning, Vietnam," "The Young Sherlock Holmes" and "The Natural." Oklahoma City was the site of the worst terrorist attack on U.S. soil before September 11, 2001. The 1995 bombing of the state capital's federal building left 168 dead. McVeigh, a white supremacist anti-government activist and former U.S. soldier, was executed for the attack in 2001. CNN's Douglas Hyde contributed to this report . Media playback is not supported on this device The Cherries won the Championship title at Charlton on Saturday, having already secured a place in the top division. Promotion will see them earn in the region of £120m but Howe says the club, who were close to liquidation in 2008, will be prudent in their spending. "We will not pay silly money," Howe told BBC Sport. "We just can't do it." Howe's Championship-winning side has been assembled on a modest budget, with the summer arrival of forward Callum Wilson for an estimated £3m a club record. Bournemouth's manager says he will look to improve his squad, but that the majority of his side will be given the chance to prove themselves in the top flight. Media playback is not supported on this device The Cherries are owned by Russian millionaire Maxim Demin, but Howe says there will not be a major spending spree over the close season. "We are going to have to be very creative with the players we do sign," said Howe. "We are looking for players who can make our squad better and that was going to be regardless of what division we were going to be in. "Maybe the only thing that changes is the pool of players who find us attractive is larger. We won't do anything too different to what we have been doing. "If we go after Premier League players we will not be able to afford them, I think our market of players will be a different pool to the majority of other clubs." Howe says planning for their first ever season in the top flight has already begun and urged his squad to "dedicate themselves" to the cause over the summer. And chairman Jeff Mostyn, who helped save the club from going out of business in 2008, has backed Howe to act with due care and consideration in his recruitment. He also reiterated the club could not afford to go on any sort of wild spending spree. "Eddie is probably the exception amongst managers in that when he's spending money he believes it's his own," Mostyn told BBC Radio 5 live. "Despite rumours to the contrary we haven't spent large sums of money - we have a mediocre budget. "We haven't really sat down [to look at budgets]. There's a great deal of superstition around the club and until Monday we didn't know we were going to be promoted. "Eddie in particular will sit down with Maxim [Demin] and have a look at what he needs. "Most people would believe that to compete in the Premier League you need to strengthen the squad but it'll be done with a great deal of thought and consideration rather than buying players who are suddenly released and available." (CNN) -- Incumbent leader Abdelaziz Bouteflika has won a third term in office after a landslide victory in Algeria's presidential election, media reports said Friday. Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika arrives to cast his vote at a school in Algiers. Bouteflika's victory came despite calls from his political opponents for voters to boycott the polls. They claim the election was a charade, with the other presidential candidates -- from left-wing parties to Islamists -- standing no real chance. The 72-year-old was elected with over 90 percent of the vote, Reuters.com quoted the official in charge of organizing Thursday's presidential election as saying. "Bouteflika has won ... 90.24 percent of the votes cast," Interior Minister Minister Noureddine Yazid Zerhouni told a news conference. Algerian lawmakers, most of them loyal to the president, cleared the way for him to stand for re-election last year by abolishing constitutional term limits. Critics said that would allow him to serve as president-for-life. Supporters of Bouteflika say he deserves credit for steering the North African country, an oil and gas producer, back to stability after a bloody civil conflict in the 1990s that killed an estimated 150,000 people. But critics say he is using the threat of renewed violence from Islamic militants to mask the country's deepening economic problems. "I continue to regard the restoration of civil peace as a national priority, as long as hotbeds of tension and pockets of subversion survive," Bouteflika, running for a third term, said in his final campaign speech on Monday, Reuters.com reported. He has also promised to spend $150 billion on development projects and create 3 million jobs, his remedy for an economy in which energy accounts for about 96 percent of exports but where other sectors have been choked by red tape and under-investment. Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has confirmed his interest in signing Ipswich defender Tyrone Mings, with the Gunners set to launch a January bid for £8million-rated star. Sportsmail's Sami Mokbel takes a closer look at the 21-year-old who has been watched by every Premier League club this season. He's a new name? Yes, he's only hit the headlines over the past few months following a string of brilliant displays at left back for Ipswich towards the back end of last season and the start of this campaign. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Arsene Wenger: We are not close to signing Tyrone Mings . Versatile Ipswich defender Tyrone Mings is wanted by Arsenal in the January transfer window . What are his attributes? At 6ft 3ins he has the physical stature to deal with the rigours of Premier League football. He certainly has the pace too, his leggy stride eats up the ground effortlessly. As is a necessity for all modern-day full-backs, Mings is more than adept at joining in attack. Why do Arsenal need another left back; they've already got Kieran Gibbs and Nacho Monreal? Good point. Interestingly though, Arsenal don't see Mings as a long-term left back. They have designs on moulding him into a central defender. He has been known to fill in at right back, too. His versatility is a key selling point for Arsenal. Mings has played most of his football at left back this season but Arsene Wenger wants him to play centrally . Makes a change for Arsenal not to be signing a youngster from Southampton? True. But there is a twist; Mings actually started his academy career at St Mary's joining the Saints in 2001 as an eight-year-old. But he was forced to leave the south-coast club in 2009. He then spent spells at non-league outfits Yale Town and Chippenham Town before joining Ipswich for £10,000 in 2013. How much will he cost? Ipswich are demanding a hefty fee, between £8m-£10m, for Mings next month. Quite a mark up on the £10,000 they paid to bring him to Portman Road. Arsenal have been made aware of Ipswich's valuation. Crystal Palace failed with a £3million bid for Mings during the summer transfer window . Was there interest in him during the summer transfer window? Crystal Palace were very keen on the youngster in the summer and had a £3million bid turned down. The decision to reject the offer looks a very good decision now. Mings' valuation has sky-rocketed, with Ipswich likely to get at least double the £3m offered by Palace. So is it just Arsenal who are interested? No. He's been watched by every single Premier League club - but Arsenal seem the most serious in their interest. Palace remain interested, but know they are fighting a losing battle with the Gunners certain to move for Mings next month. Chelsea have also watched Mings of late. His dad, Adie, is actually a scout for the Blues. After duping Irish and Canadian authorities with horrific tales of being a child sexual abuse victim, serial troublemaker Samantha Azzopardi is returning home to Australia this week. The 26-year-old from Sydney, who has used more than 40 aliases, was considered a flight risk and so devious Canadian authorities decided to keep her locked up until she boarded a flight back to Australia on Tuesday. A Canadian Border Security Agency officer will escort Azzopardi on the flight, the Calgary Herald reported. Samantha Azzopardi is returning home to Australia this week after duping Canadian and Irish authorities . The 26-year-old from Sydney (pictured in Canada) fabricated horrific tales of being a child sexual abuse victim . 'Ms Azzopardi has a long history of impersonating others, lying and committing fraud,' hearing officer Rhonda Macklin, at immigration proceedings in Calgary, said. When Azzopardi (pictured) was found wandering the streets of Dublin, Ireland, last year she led authorities to believe she was a teenage sex-trafficking victim from eastern Europe . When Azzopardi was found wandering the streets of Dublin, Ireland, last year she led authorities to believe she was a teenage sex-trafficking victim from eastern Europe. Azzopardi drew pictures apparently showing herself being raped, forcing Irish police to release the photo of her in a bid to find her identity. Irish authorities spent $375,000 on the investigation before discovering she was an Australian con artist and not a child. Just six months after Azzopardi was deported from Ireland she managed to obtain an Australian passport and return to Ireland where she working as an au pair. On September 16 this year Azzopardi, using the alias Aurora Hepburn, walked into a Calgary clinic claiming she was 14 and had been a victim of an abduction, sexual assault and torture. Canadian authorities spent $157,000 on their investigation before realising Azzopardi was the woman the Irish media dubbed a 'Walter-Mitty-like con artist', referring to the daydreamer character in The Secret Life of Walter Mitty created by author James Thurber that has been played by Danny Kaye and Ben Stiller in Hollywood films. Azzopardi was charged with public mischief in Calgary and faced a maximum sentence of five years in prison, but after pleading guilty she was sentenced to the two months she had already served in custody. A Canadian Border Security Agency officer will escort Azzopardi on the flight back to Australia . The John Gosden-trained filly took the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Ascot last month, to add to wins in the English and Irish Oaks. She is one of 49 horses entered for the Champion Stakes, with last year's winner Almanzor among potential rivals. A total of £4.3m prize money will be awarded in the five championship events on Champions Day on 21 October. Europe's top 10 horses are all set to compete, with 242 entries overall. Enable is also entered in the British Champions Fillies & Mares Stakes and Gosden says "all possibilities are open". The filly is due to make her next appearance in September's Yorkshire Oaks while the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe has been pencilled in as Enable's primary autumn target. Almanzor has not yet run this year, but is set to make a return before a final decision on his fitness will be made by trainer Jean-Claude Rouget. Other Champion Stakes contenders include French-trained colt Zarak and Coral-Eclipse one-two Ulysses and Barney Roy. Aidan O'Brien is the trainer with the most entries on Champions Day with contenders in the 10-furlong showpiece including Winter, Churchill and Highland Reel. Champions Day provides the climax to the Qipco British Champions Series which features 35 Flat races staged at 10 of the UK's leading racecourses. Labour is demanding an apology for what it describes as "infantile" comments. Downing Street is reported to be furious that Labour leader Ed Miliband has not backed David Cameron's motion paving the way for military strikes. The row erupted as the Commons vote rejecting the government's motion on intervention in Syria approached. Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg distanced himself from Downing Street's claims about Mr Miliband - and said the prime minister "agreed with me". But Mr Clegg told MPs the government's motion was "very tightly defined" and the intention was not to "topple a dictator" . "The sole aim is the relief of humanitarian suffering by targeting and disrupting the further use of chemical weapons," he told MPs. He urged MPs not to let their scepticism about attacks, in the wake of the Iraq war, get in the way of doing the right thing and he assured them that there would be separate debate and vote before any military action is launched. Mr Clegg's refusal to criticise Mr Miliband appeared to put him at odds with Defence Secretary Philip Hammond, who earlier stood by claims the Labour leader was giving "succour" to Assad. "Anything that stops us from giving a clear united view of the British Parliament tonight will give some succour to the regime," he told Channel 4 News. "We deliberately structured our motion to take account of the concerns the Leader of the Opposition had expressed directly to us. "But he has still chosen to table an amendment and ensure that we don't have a clear, united and unified opinion from the British Parliament." MPs had been recalled from their summer break early to vote on whether the UK should join in US-led strikes on Syria, if they go ahead. Hundreds are reported to have died in the attack near Damascus on 21 August. The Syrian regime denies any involvement, blaming opposition forces. But the prime minister was forced to water down the government's motion after Labour refused to back it and a second vote will now be needed to authorise military strikes. Mr Miliband will still order his MPs to vote against the government, saying he needs to see more evidence that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad was behind the attack. By Iain WatsonPolitical correspondent, BBC News Parliament has been recalled but, tonight, no-one is entirely sure why. The PM's aides say the debate is to give MPs an opportunity to condemn the chemical attack in Damascus. But behind the scenes a war of words is raging. Downing Street is accusing Ed Miliband of "playing politics" and giving succour to the Assad regime. No 10 had thought a second vote on military action had won Labour's leader over, but he will oppose the government tonight. Labour wants to see more compelling evidence of culpability and - while not ruling out support in future for a military strike - doesn't want to "rush to war". Ed Miliband's advisers say he never signalled support for David Cameron at any stage. But given his two predecessors' support for the Iraq invasion it is possible he could only retain party unity by distancing himself from the government. A survey of Labour activists suggested widespread scepticism for military action. So the scars of the Iraq war are still paining the British body politic. We will be able to judge if these are still open wounds when that second vote comes. The UN weapons inspectors could report as soon as Saturday. So on Monday, if not over the weekend, Parliament may well be debating military action after all. Key quotes: Syria debate The majority of Labour and Tory MPs to take part in the marathon emergency debate have expressed doubts about the wisdom of attacking the Assad regime. And Labour MP Jim Fitzpatrick quit his frontbench role as shadow transport spokesman. Earlier in the Commons, Mr Fitzpatrick said he would vote against both the government and Labour's amendment as he opposes military intervention of any kind. This is despite Mr Cameron's insistence that action would be justified to prevent further "war crimes" and would be in line with international law, even if it was opposed at the UN by Russia and China. BBC Political Editor Nick Robinson said he believed the government would still win Thursday night's vote - partly because Conservative MPs would be unwilling to hand Labour a victory. But a bitter war of words has broken out between Downing Street and the Labour leader, who they accuse of "playing politics" with the Syria issue. According to The Times newspaper, a government source used a string of expletives to describe Mr Miliband's attitude and said: "The French hate him now and he's got no chance of building an alliance with the US Democratic Party." Downing Street director of communications Craig Oliver is reported to have accused Mr Miliband of giving "succour to Assad". Labour frontbencher Michael Dugher has written to Cabinet Secretary Jeremy Heywood to complain about what he called Mr Oliver's "infantile and irresponsible" comments, which he claimed "demeans the office of prime minister". Setting out the government's case at the beginning of the special Commons debate, Mr Cameron described last week's attack on the outskirts of Damascus as "one of the most abhorrent uses of chemical weapons in a century, slaughtering innocent men, women and children". He said: "Interfering in another country's affairs should not be undertaken except in the most exceptional circumstances. It must be a humanitarian catastrophe and it must be a last resort. "But by any standards, this is a humanitarian catastrophe, and if there are no consequences for it there is nothing to stop Assad and other dictators from using these weapons again and again." He said it was "not about taking sides in the conflict" or "regime change" but responding to a "war crime". In a swipe at his Labour predecessor, Tony Blair, Mr Cameron said, "The well of public opinion has been well and truly poisoned by the Iraq episode." But he insisted the current crisis was not like Iraq and MPs would "decide which next steps" the UK would take. How Labour's position on Syria has developed this week: Mr Miliband told MPs he was not against military intervention. But he said Britain had to be "clear-eyed" about the possible consequences of such action - including deepening Britain's involvement in Syria's bitter civil war. He said Britain should not make the decision based on an "artificial timetable or political timetable set elsewhere", but should instead follow Labour's "sequential road map" - which includes gathering "compelling evidence" that President Assad's regime was to blame for last week's attack. "I'm not with those who rule out action - the horrific events unfolding in Syria do ask us to consider the options available," said Mr Miliband. "But we owe it to the Syrian people, to our own country and to the future security of our world to scrutinise any plans on the basis of the consequences they have." Downing Street has released a statement, based on legal advice by Attorney General Dominic Grieve, that states limited military strikes to deter future chemical weapons attacks would be in line with international law. An assessment published by the Joint Intelligence Committee also argued it was "not possible for the opposition to have carried out a chemical weapons attack on this scale". However, Labour MPs will vote there must be "compelling evidence" that the Syrian regime was responsible for the use of chemical weapons. Plaid Cymru and the SNP will also back the Labour amendment. Conservative MP Sir Malcolm Rifkind, chairman of the parliamentary Intelligence and Security Committee, was one of the relatively few backbench voices to back military action. He told MPs failing to act would give the Syrian regime in Damascus a rationale for using chemical weapons in the future. Another former foreign secretary, Conservative peer Lord Hurd said: "I cannot for the life of me see how dropping some bombs or firing some missiles in the general direction of Syria" will lessen the "suffering of Syrian people". "I think it's likely to increase and expand the civil war in Syria." Labour MP Jack Straw, who was foreign secretary when the UK joined the US in attacking Iraq in 2003, said that conflict had raised the bar on the quality of intelligence needed for military intervention and he was not convinced there was enough evidence yet to justify action in Syria. "We all know - I have the scars about this - how easy it is to get into military action and how difficult it is to get out of it," he told MPs. Syria has accused the West of "inventing" excuses to launch a strike and says a UK strike would be an "aggressive and unprovoked act of war". The 23-year-old England squad member, who signed from Bristol City in February, is now tied to Reading until June 2018, having been named player of the year last season. "Mary has fantastic ability, drive and passion," said manager Kelly Chambers. "She had a huge impact in her first season. Her ambition fits perfectly with the direction of the club". Reading Women finished eighth last season, conceding just 26 goals in their 16 league matches. TSA agents in Atlanta recently stopped Dallas hairdresser Isis Brantley at the airport specifically to check her hair for explosives. I was going to make a joke about her hairstyle being “the bomb,” but, you know what? I won’t subject you all to that. …Oops. In any case, Brantley, who has styled the likes of singer Erykah Badu (who also happens to have some pretty impressive hair of her own), was taken aback by the officers’ request to check her hair — especially since she says she had already gone through the security check when they called her to return. The TSA, meanwhile, maintains that Brantley left the checkpoint prior to completion of her security check, and that she refused to their offer to screen her privately. Ok, fine. My question, now, is this: Was it really necessary for CNN to use a clip from, of all things, Undercover Brother — a film satirizing 70s Blaxploitation films — to highlight the fact that people don’t like strangers touching their hair? Afros and “natural hair” have had a long and complicated history in the U.S., adding a potential extra layer of significance to the officials’ decision to specifically search Brantley’s hair. (Am I saying these TSA officials are definitely racist for searching her hair? No. Not at all. I’m saying the situation becomes problematic in light of the politicization of black hairstyles in the United States.) To diminish that by using a cartoonish portrayal of a black person with a full afro to highlight a point is, at best, highly unprofessional. And, in case you’d missed the punchline the first time, the report then uses a clip from Naked Gun 33 1/3 to illustrate the fact that, sometimes? Afros can be really big! So. Is the point here to fairly report a particular woman’s story, or to make fun of her hairstyle? And in case you hadn’t had your fill of gawking at such a strange and exotic hairstyle by this point, the report ends with footage of the woman who currently holds the Guinness World Record for biggest hair disco dancing and tending to her hairstyle. This has what, exactly, to do with Brantley’s story? Check out CNN’s report on the incident, below. And, as always, let me know what you think: Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com ||||| A Dallas-bound woman is angry at the TSA after agents stopped and searched her afro while she went through security at Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson airport. Isis Brantley, a hairstylist, was rocking her signature haircut while going through security to make her American Airlines flight, Dallas' KXAS reports. Brantley, it should be noted, has not cut her hair since she was 12 (she is now 53). "I just heard these voices saying, 'Hey you, hey you, ma'am, stop. Stop -- the lady with the hair, you," Brantley told the station. She then claims that TSA agents stopped her so they could "check for weapons." A female agent started "digging in her scalp." The TSA released a statement to the news station saying, "Additional screening may be required for clothing, headwear or hair where prohibited items could be hidden. This passenger left the checkpoint prior to the completion of the screening process. She was offered but refused private screening." But Brantley says that "they have never done that to me before". A TSA agent apologized to her regardless. Back in July, Laura Adiele accused the TSA of racism after agents inspected her curly hair at Seattle's Sea-Tac airport. Check out Brantley's interview below: View more videos at: http://nbcdfw.com. ||||| Media playback is not supported on this device Jackson, 36, suffered the injury in August and it was feared he could miss the start of the crucial Winter Olympic qualifying season in November. I've been working in the field for 23 years and have never seen improvements like this However, he is ahead of schedule and this week will pilot a bobsleigh at the squad's training base in France. "I'm looking forward to getting back on the ice," Jackson told BBC Sport. "It will be the first time I've been with the boys since after the operation, so around 12 weeks." Just hours after sustaining the injury when jumping a hurdle in training, the athlete was presented with two options - traditional repair surgery or a pioneering technique only tested on a handful of patients worldwide. In a worst-case scenario a complete Achilles tear like Jackson's can take anything from six to 12 months to heal, which would have effectively ruled out an appearance at the Sochi Winter Olympics in February 2014. But the new approach estimates a return to full sprinting within five months, a choice he described as a "no-brainer". Medical leads from the British Olympic Association [BOA] and English Institute of Sport (EIS) have been impressed with his recovery, which has been monitored at the Intensive Rehabilitation Unit [IRU] at Bisham Abbey. "I've been working in the field for 23 years and have never seen improvements like this. I'm astounded," Dr Rod Jaques of EIS told BBC Sport. "The milestones he's hit so rapidly are phenomenal, but we can't say this is the golden solution for Achilles tendon ruptures just yet because the proof will come 10 to 20 years down the line." Because of the lack of worldwide test subjects, Jackson's long-term prognosis is unknown. But in the immediate future he feels the injury lay-off could actually mean he returns stronger than before. "There's definitely a case for that because I've been able to lift a lot of weights while being knelt down and so long as I can put the force through my Achilles, I should be in as good shape, if not better, than I would have been." For Jackson the reward of a second Games would also present him with a chance of banishing the memories of Vancouver, where the two-man and four-man teams both crashed. "They [the crashes] aren't great memories, but there's no reason why we can't be up there with the best in Sochi," said Jackson, who piloted his team to fifth at the 2013 World Championships. "We planned after last year that we wanted to be the top starters in the world and all of the training is geared towards that and we can push on for a medal." After two weeks training with the team in France, Jackson will return to the UK to continue the final stages of his injury rehabilitation. He then plans to lead the four-man team out at the season-opening World Cup in Calgary, Canada at the end of November. One woman got the birthday surprise of a lifetime when she found out that, not only was her boyfriend proposing that very day, he had actually been secretly popping the question every single day for the last year. Dean Smith, from Scottsdale, Arizona, made a video for his girlfriend Jennifer Kessel that showed the 365 days he asked for her hand in marriage. The reveal happened during a large family trip to Aruba, where Jennifer was instructed via a whiteboard held by her sister Jaclyn to go down to the lobby. There her brother and then a friend helped lead Jennifer to the beach, where her father and stepmother were waiting to hand her a device where she could watch the film. Scroll down for video . Behind you! Dean Smith approaches girlfriend Jennifer on the Aruba beach while the heartfelt video he spent one-year making counts down to its emotional conclusion . The video cuts to a film Dean made the exact same day a year before. 'Today is the day that I decided I want to spend the rest of my life with you,' he reveals . 'By now you've probably realized that your birthday surprise is in the form of this video,' Smith begins on screen. 'What you don't know is that I've been planning this birthday surprise for over a year now.' The video then cuts to a film Dean made on Jennifer's birthday the previous year. 'I just wanted to make this video to tell you that today is the day that I decided I want to spend the rest of my life with you,' he reveals. But, Dean says in the film, he wanted to find a way to propose to Jennifer that would show her just how much he loved her, and that he thought about her 'literally every moment of every day'. But, Dean says in the film, he wanted to find a way to propose to Jennifer that would show her just how much he loved her, and that he thought about her 'literally every moment of every day' Dean decided to do just that by asking Jennifer to marry him every day for a year with a message on a whiteboard . They proposals show Dean in various settings and positions. In the shower, brushing his teeth, walking on the beach, doing laundry, posing with dogs and cats, in suits and shirtless . Dean decided to do just that by asking Jennifer to marry him every day for a year with a message on a whiteboard. The film then shows each of those 365 proposals. They show Dean in various settings and positions. In the shower, brushing his teeth, walking on the beach, doing laundry, posing with dogs and cats, in suits and shirtless. But the message on the whiteboard is almost always the same. 'Jennifer, will you marry me?', 'Will you be my wife?', 'Make me the happiest man in the world', 'I love you so much, Jen'. Interspersed with the messages are snippets of Jen and the couple together that Dean had filmed throughout the year. After the video finally reaches to the proposal Dean made just the day before, it instructs Jennifer to turn around. There Dean was waiting, whiteboard in hand, ready to pop the question one last time . After the video finally reaches to the proposal Dean made just the day before, it instructs Jennifer to turn around. There right behind her is Dean, whiteboard in hand, ready to pop the question one last time. Jennifer is so overwhelmed that she has to pause to compose herself with a tissue before walking up to meet him. And then Dean bends down on one knee, as the sun dips into the Caribbean sea. She says yes. Jennifer is so overwhelmed that she has to pause to compose herself with a tissue before walking up to meet him.And then Dean bends down on one knee, and she says yes . A woman has been left scarred for life after a beautician botched a laser hair removal treatment - on her face. Mum-of-two Vanda Thomas, 55, has terrible scarring under her chin after she spent £50 to get some wispy hairs removed at her local salon. But instead of leaving her with a smooth chin, Vanda is forced to cover up her scars daily with heavy make-up, after the unqualified beautician scored her face with deep burns by using the powerful laser on its highest setting. Scroll down for video . Vanda Thomas (left) shows the burns she suffered after she underwent laser hair removal treatment (right) Vanda, a healthcare worker from Ilford, north London, went to the salon in February to treat herself to a confidence-boosting treatment, after she began noticing a small number of hairs sprouting from under her chin. She said: 'I had been there before for facials and massages, and the woman was really nice and friendly. 'I thought long and hard about having laser hair removal treatment, and then decided I should go for it,' she says. 'When she put the laser on, it hurt so much I jumped out of the chair. It was such an intense burning. 'The woman said it was normal, and did another patch, but that hurt just as bad. 'Then she said that maybe she should turn the laser down. I have a high threshold for pain, but that was absolutely agonising,' adds Vanda. Left: the burns straight after the treatment; Right: how they look 6 months later . After completing the 20-minute treatment, Vanda left the salon with a burning sensation in her face. It was only the next day that she realised something was seriously wrong, when her skin broke out in sores and blisters. Her doctor told her the laser had caused first degree burns in her skin, which would leave permanent scarring. Now Vanda has teamed up with a trade body, to call for tougher regulations for laser hair removal treatment. The Association of Independent Healthcare Organisations is lobbying the government to introduce an official register of approved practitioners to prevent further injuries like Vanda’s. Vanda said: 'It was only afterwards that I realised these people didn’t need any training, or licencing, to operate quite dangerous machinery. 'My face felt like it was on fire for days - all because she didn’t know how to operate the machine. 'I want nobody else to go through what I’ve had to endure, and that’s why we need to make a change in the law to make certain these people have proper training. 'At the moment we are unprotected by rogue beauty therapists with powerful lasers.' Mum-of-two Vanda spent £50 to get some wispy hairs removed at her local beautician . AIHO operational director Sally Taber explained: 'There isn’t any regulation at the moment and that puts people at risk, so always background check a practitioner and ask if they have had the training before considering treatment. 'It was found that there hasn’t been as much risk with lasers, hence why the government does not support regulation - yet this is a problem but it’s the responsibility of the patients to find out about the practitioner.' Laser hair removal, which involves high-powered laser lights killing hair follicles at the root, was regulated by the Care Quality Commission until 2010 when it stopped approving licences for non-surgical procedures. A Department of Health spokesman said: 'We want to make sure everybody who undergoes laser hair removal receives good standards of care and is aware of the risks. 'We are working with Health Education England to review training and qualifications for providers of non-surgical interventions - including laser hair removal.' Sk:n are the UK’s leading laser hair removal providers, who have held a partnership with the NHS for more than 20 years. The lasers used at sk:n are safe to use with all skin types and treatment is delivered according to strict medical protocols, as monitored by in-house Medical Directors. Only practitioners who have completed months of intensive, supervised training and have achieved medical sign off are allowed to treat. Watch a treatment at sk:n in action in the video below. Her daughter makes millions every year walking the catwalk and fronting campaigns for the world's most esteemed designers but the mother of supermodel Natalia Vodianova still makes a living selling pies on the streets of Russia. Natalia, 33, used to join her mother as a market trader in Nizhny Novgorod before being discovered at the age of 17 and whisked off to a life of luxury at the forefront of fashion. Since then, she has become one of the world's most in-demand supermodels working with Calvin Klein, Stella McCartney and Louis Vuitton and many others. Scroll down for video . Rags to riches: Natalia Vodianova has made millions as a supermodel after growing up in poverty . Still earning her own living: Natalia's mother Larissa says she won't give up work . But despite her daughter's wealth and success, 52-year-old Larissa is insistent that she will continue to make her own living. She said: 'I and my other daughter (Natalia's sister) want to show others that we can achieve something in life by ourselves. Sixteen-years-ago Natalia was selling bananas in the market to help make ends meet. It's nothing to be ashamed of.' Larissa, who also had a daughter with cerebral palsy, said Natalia has been 'incredibly supportive' of the family and understands her mother's to desire to keep working. Natalia told You Magazine: 'My mother is such an inspiration to me: she lived her life by following her heart, rather than what she was being told was "the right thing to do".' Proud: Larissa said she wants to keep working to 'show others that we can achieve something in life by ourselves' Supportive: Natalia used to join her mother selling fruit before becoming a supermodel and understands why she wants to keep her job going . Larissa taught Natalia to have a strong work ethic from a young age. As the family were struggling to get by, Natalia had to leave school to start earning money by selling fruit before she found fame as a model. Her rags to riches tale was complete when in 2001, she married English aristocrat, Justin Portman, the heir to 110 acres of prime central London property and the half-brother of the 10th Viscount Portman. They had three children together but separated in 2011. Since then, Natalia has met another wealthy suitor, Antoine Arnault, 36, the CEO of luxury men's footwear brand Berluti, and the son of LVMH founder Bernard Arnault. Close: Natalia said her mother is an inspiration to her . Role model: Natalia, pictured with her mother at an awards do, said it's thanks to her upbringing that she has achieved success . New love: The supermodel has a son with Antoine Arnault, 36, the CEO of Berluti . They had a son, Maxim, together in May. While Natalia now lives a privileged life, she said she has never forgotten her roots. She said of her past: 'It was a tough but not a bleak life. I remember once finding a rouble on the street – at a time when the average salary was perhaps 25 roubles a month; I grabbed it with a feeling of euphoria, ran back to my mother and was allowed to go shopping for food with it. It was a wonderful feeling to be able to do that for my family. From very early on, I had a strong sense of responsibility.' Cover girl: Natalia is always in demand for fashion campaigns . Friends in highplaces: The model with designer Stella McCartney . She added that she believes growing up in poverty set her on the path to success. 'I live a very different life now, with incredible privileges, but looking back I realise that growing up in Russia gave me tools that other people don’t necessarily have – such as the will to push that bit further, to make things happen, to succeed. I try to use these now to help other people,' she explained. In 2004, Natalia founded the Naked Heart Foundation to help children in need in Russia. The charity aims to 'ensure that every child has a loving family, and a safe and stimulating place to play'. The supermodel holds a number of fundraising events every year and has run half marathons to raise money for the charity. Washington (CNN) -- A new report by the Government Accountability Office says behavior detection techniques failed to lead authorities to at least 16 alleged terrorists who traveled through U.S. airports. The Transportation Security Administration's program to use special officers to spot suspicious behavior began in 2003, but the GAO questions the scientific basis and effectiveness of the techniques. The unclassified version of the report released Thursday did not name the suspected terrorists who the GAO says were able to pass 23 times through airports where behavior detection officers work. But officials involved in crafting the report said the cases included that of Najibullah Zazi, a Denver shuttle driver who authorities said plotted to set off bombs in New York City's subway system. Zazi pleaded guilty to providing material support to al Qaeda. The officials said the TSA also missed David Headley, who pleaded guilty to scouting targets for the 2008 Mumbai, India, terror attacks and flew out of the U.S. to do his reconnaissance. Rep. John Mica, R-Florida, suggested a 17th case: that of Faisal Shazad, who allegedly plotted to blow up a car bomb in Times Square. Mica said it was a "Marx Brothers production" when Shahzad, being sought by authorities, tried to fly out of the United States two days after that failed attack and was apprehended when he was already on a plane. Mica, the top Republican on the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, asked for the GAO report. Although Mica supports behavior detection, he said the TSA has not carried out its program effectively. "It leads me to again call for reorganization of TSA," Mica said at a Capitol Hill news conference. "TSA is an agency in total disarray." Mica noted the agency has been without a permanent leader during the Obama administration and the president this week announced his third nomination for the post. Two previous candidates withdrew. The GAO report said between May 2004 and August 2008 detection techniques led to the arrests of more than 1,100 people but not because of suspected terrorism. Instead the people were found to have committed drug or other offenses. A TSA statement called its program "a vital layer that enhances security at the nation's airports." It also noted the 2008 arrest in Orlando, Florida, of a person carrying components for a pipe bomb. The GAO made a number of recommendations, including that TSA should have an independent panel of experts examine its scientific methods, and that TSA should do a cost-benefit analysis to see how effective behavior detection is compared with random screening and other methods. The GAO also said if there is airport video of any of the suspected or admitted terrorists, that would be a valuable tool for behavior detection officers to study. The TSA said it plans to implement a number of GAO's recommendations. TSA uses behavior detection as one of 20 layers of security protection. As of March about 3,000 of the specially trained officers were working in 161 U.S. airports. The administration's latest budget request calls for $232 million for the program. Lancashire Police said a 49-year-old old man had "voluntarily" attended a station by prior appointment. He was not arrested but interviewed under caution regarding a rape allegation made on 4 January, the force said. Earlier this month the Labour MP called the rape allegation against him "malicious, untrue and upsetting". He was suspended by the party last month after he admitted sending lewd texts to a 17-year-old girl. Cox featured in six games for Boro earlier this season after joining the club on a one-month loan in November. The 25-year-old, who is out of contract in the summer, has made 42 appearances for Argyle since joining the club from Swindon Town in May 2014. Stevenage currently sit 19th in the League Two table, ten points above the relegation zone. By . Sarah Johnson . PUBLISHED: . 04:23 EST, 14 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 09:36 EST, 14 September 2012 . A mother was left in shock after a Facebook page was created in memory of her seven-year-old son who is alive and well, and at home. Patricia Quintana, who lives in California, started getting calls and text messages on Sunday from family and friends offering condolences on the death of her son, Javier. Ms Quintana, in an interview with NBC 4 News, said: ‘So many people said ‘I’m sorry he passed away.’ Why? Why they say this?’ Patricia Quintana was shocked after family and friends offered their condolences on the loss of her son, Javier (pictured right) who is alive and well . Her son Javier added: 'All the people were crying just because everybody thinks I’m dead. I feel scared.’ Ms Quintana went online and was shocked to discover Facebook pages created in her son’s memory featuring photos and a video of him dancing at school. Almost 8,000 people had ‘liked’ one page with 10,000 more liking the main picture. The Huffington Post reported that some people realised the page was a hoax, but in a strange turn of events, the About section was updated to say Javier was in hospital, which was also a lie. This was one of the hoax Facebook pages set up in memory of seven-year-old Javier . Ms Quintana, who does not own a computer, filed a police report, and investigators soon discovered the pages had been created as some kind of joke. The OC Register reported that a 14-year-old girl and a 13-year-old boy who used to be in the same day care as Javier were responsible for the Facebook page. Police Sergeant Jeff Stuart told the paper the boy had asked the girl if she knew how Javier was, and she replied that he had been killed in a car accident as a joke. Almost 8,000 people liked the page and many left messages of sympathy . The boy then ‘took it upon himself’ to create the memorial page. When the girl saw it, she messaged the boy to take it down but he did not respond. Police Sgt Jeff Stuart told the newspaper: ‘It doesn’t look like there was any criminal intent.’ The incident has left seven-year-old Javier in a state of confusion. The Huffington Post reported him saying: ‘I am alive and I’m fine… I don’t know why they put it, but I just feel bad for that.’ NOW WATCH THE VIDEO . An NGO said that some World Bank policy loans had the effect of supporting coal, gas and oil developments while undermining renewable schemes. It added the loans were intended to boost growth in the low carbon sector. The World Bank disputed the report's findings, saying it did not reflect the wider work it did with countries. The report by NGO Bank Information Center (BIC) looks at the Bank's Development Policy Finance (DPF) operations in four nations - Indonesia, Peru, Egypt and Mozambique. DPF is one of the main activities of the bank, accounting for about one-third of its funding (more than US $15 billion in 2016), according to the report's authors. The scheme provides funding for countries in exchange for the implementation of policy agreed by both the national government and World Bank officials. The authors say the World Bank's Climate Action Plan considers DPF as a key instrument in help developing nations become low-carbon economies. They added that the scheme was also essential in helping these nations meet their national commitments outlined in reducing emissions, which form the backbone of the Paris Climate Agreement. However, BIC research found that DPF had introduced subsidies for coal in three of the four nations examined in the report (Indonesia, Egypt and Mozambique). The authors said this had helped Indonesia become one of the world's top coal exporting nations, while turning Mozambique - considered to be among the most at-risk nations from climate change - into a major player in the global coal sector. "The findings were really shocking for us because in all of the countries, across the board, the Bank actually created new fossil fuel subsidies, which directly goes against what the Bank wants to achieve," Nezir Sinani, BIC's Europe and Central Asia manager, told BBC News. "The World Bank has pledged to help countries adopt a low-carbon development path specifically by phasing out fossil fuels subsidies and promoting a carbon tax," he added. "However, the Bank's policy lending does the opposite by introducing tax breaks for coal power plants and coal exports infrastructure." A spokesperson for the World Bank told BBC News that the group disputed the picture painted by the report. "We are deeply disappointed that after close cooperation with BIC on this report, their findings grossly misrepresent the World Bank's engagement in these countries," they observed. "The report does not capture the World Bank's broader energy work, which involves not only development policy loans, but a mix of interventions - policy reforms, investments, technical assistance - that work together to promote climate smart growth and increased energy access. "In each of the countries mentioned in the report, the World Bank's development policy loans do not promote the use of coal, but help support a shift towards a cleaner energy mix and low carbon growth." The report was published by BIC, which works with other groups in civil society to hold the World Bank and other financial institutions accountable, in collaboration with other green groups, including Greenpeace Indonesia and Friends of the Earth Mozambique. Follow Mark on Twitter It was Carlo Ancelotti's second game in charge, following Sunday's 2-0 win over Borussia Dortmund in the German Super Cup. German Cup holders Bayern were 3-0 up at half-time before Lewandowski set up Arturo Vidal for their fourth. Mats Hummels completed the scoring with his first goal for the club. Bayern, whose coach Pep Guardiola left for Manchester City this summer, open their Bundesliga defence at home to Werder Bremen on 26 August at 19:30 BST. PORT ALLEN, Louisiana (CNN) -- Sixteen-year-old Tanya Simon is trying to keep spirits up inside the hall that has become home to families fleeing Hurricane Gustav. Tanya Simon, 16, said she sometimes feels scared in the Port Allen, Louisiana, shelter. She brought two hair weaves with her from New Orleans and is passing the time by styling them and trying to reach friends on her cell phone. But she's struggling even to keep her own nerves at bay. "You're not at home in a place like this. You look around, and you don't know the background of the people looking at you," she said, adding that she felt a little scared. The community center smells, and there aren't enough cots for the 80 or so people seeking shelter there in Port Allen, Louisiana, just across the Mississippi from Baton Rouge. Tanya Simon is one of 18 members of her extended family who piled into a truck borrowed from a friend to get out before the storm hit. Her cousin Detrice Simon, 15, sits on a Superman sleeping bag, wrapped in a Spider-Man blanket, occasionally reaching out to grab and quiet one of her three nephews. She had been trying to read a well-thumbed leather-bound Bible but had given up. "I don't have the patience any more." The family is safe, far safer than three years ago, when floodwaters from Hurricane Katrina had them trapped in their third-floor apartment for three days. iReport.com: Your Gustav stories . In 2005, the family shared a dwindling food supply with neighbors as they waited to be rescued, said 18-year-old Terrence Cargo, another cousin. "We thought everybody was going to die," he recalled. Now, American Red Cross staff members and volunteers are making sure the evacuees are getting three meals a day and snacks too, but it seems to be only temporary comfort. "We're so far from home; we have no money; we have no food. The money is running out. I'm not even sure if we have any left," said Deandra Simon, Detrice's sister. Just getting out of New Orleans took a big bite out of their resources when they stopped at a gas station, the 22-year-old motel housekeeper said. "Watching how expensive it got, the more we filled up the tank, I gotta tell you, that scared me." It's the stories and fears of women like Deandra Simon -- whose three sons, aged 1, 2 and 6, are with her -- that really get to Jean Cappuchi. Cappuchi, a registered nurse from New Hampshire, had volunteered in the aftermath of Katrina and booked a flight back to Louisiana as Gustav approached. "It breaks my heart, these little ones. Their mothers are so stressed out, they're crying," Cappuchi said. "They don't know if they're going to be able to put food on their table. When they return home, if they have a home to return to." Cappuchi has mostly dealt with people crying and having panic attacks. "We have learned a lot from Katrina, but in these shelters, we are going to have chaos. There's always chaos." Outside, Douglas Patterson, 54, and his friend James McDaniel, 42, played dominoes with two National Guardsmen as the winds began howling. "Here it comes," Patterson said, shaking his head. "Damn, it sounds like something, don't it?" Patterson said he worked in construction as a waterproofer. "I wish could stop this water," the New Orleans native said. Watching the game, Chester Reeder also kept one eye on his children as they played hide-and-seek behind two steel water tanks in the old one-room gymnasium. They had spent 11 hours on the road, forced to detour through Mississippi to get to Baton Rouge. Just the cost of gas was bad enough on a welder's budget, but Reeder plans to stay in New Orleans no matter how many storms hit. "That's home," he said. But he wonders whether his city has the strength to keep standing. "Sooner or later, God is gonna wipe New Orleans off the map for all the murdering and thieving and no-good behavior people have been doing since Katrina," he said. "That man keeps giving us warnings in the form of hurricanes." (CNN) -- In most of the country, employers can force pregnant workers out of the workplace when their pregnancy interferes with their normal job duties. Heather Wiseman, a retail sales associate, lost her job because consuming water while working, an activity necessary to maintain a healthy pregnancy, violated store policy. Victoria Serednyj, a nursing home activity director, lost her job because her pregnancy interfered with her ability to lift heavy tables. Her employer terminated her employment even though lifting tables "took up a small part, roughly five to 10 minutes" of her day and her co-workers volunteered to perform this task. Workers covered by the Americans with Disabilities Act, by contrast, can continue working despite their physical limitations. The Americans with Disabilities Amendments Act of 2008 broadened the ADA to include many short-term and relatively minor physical conditions. Pregnant women who experience comparable physical limitations should also have the opportunity to receive accommodations that will enable them to continue working. According to EEOC regulations issued in 2011, the amended ADA requires employers to accommodate persons who experience "shortness of breath and fatigue when walking distances that most people could walk without experiencing such effects." It also requires employers to accommodate persons with back injuries resulting in a "20-pound lifting restriction that lasts or is expected to last for several months." In some circumstances, even a far more common 50-pound lifting restriction may qualify an individual for ADA coverage. To date, courts have balked at including pregnancy within the Americans with Disabilities Act. They've reasoned the physical limitations accompanying pregnancy are too short-term and minor to qualify as disabilities. The courts' remaining objection to providing ADA accommodations to pregnant workers is pregnancy is "the natural consequence of a properly functioning reproductive system" and therefore cannot be a disability. The Family and Medical Leave Act provides no protection to the approximately 40% of American workers who fall outside its scope. Even for workers covered by the act, it does little to enable women to continue working during their pregnancies. When a pregnant worker is unable to perform her usual job duties, her employer may force her to take unpaid leave under the act even when temporary job modifications would enable her to continue working. If the employer requires her to take leave before the 28th week of pregnancy, the worker will lose her FMLA-guaranteed right to reinstatement because she will exhaust her 12 weeks of FMLA leave before the baby arrives. Unlike pregnant workers, ADA-eligible employees can continue earning a paycheck whenever they are able to do their job with reasonable accommodations. And if ADA-eligible workers also enjoy FMLA coverage, they can save their FMLA leave for situations when their medical condition truly necessitates time off. The courts' objections misunderstand the Americans with Disabilities Act. The ADA significantly differs from earlier disability laws that viewed persons with disabilities as defective. The ADA recognizes much of the disadvantage associated with disability is more environmental than biological. For example, historical decisions to solely provide building access by stairs reflect the historical assumption wheelchair users would not, and should not, participate in public life. Had wheelchair users historically been considered full citizens, employers and architects would not have so frequently designed buildings that exclude them. Properly understood, the ADA's mandate to reimagine our social environment to accommodate historically excluded persons should encompass pregnancy. Like more traditional "disabilities," the interaction between pregnancy and many work environments constricts women's employment opportunities. It also reflects the historical workforce marginalization of childbearing women. If American culture is to value pregnant women as legitimate wage earners, work polices should accommodate pregnancy's physical effects. Accommodation rights for pregnant workers need to catch up to accommodation rights for persons with disabilities. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeannette Cox. By . Tara Brady . Cleared: Kishore Nimmala was cleared of theft today after his first date with Fakhara Sultana which went wrong . An IT worker accused of snatching a woman’s mobile phone on their first date to ‘teach her a lesson’ when she refused to pay half of the drinks bill was cleared of theft today. Kishore Nimmala, 32, was said to be furious after Fakhara Sultana told him she had no cash during a romantic rendezvous at the Ruby Blue Bar in Leicester Square. Nimmala spent £54 on two rounds of drinks before insisting she should contribute, Southwark Crown Court heard. But Ms Sultana, who met Nimmala on dating website Zoosk, assumed that he would be coughing up the cash for everything during their date. Jurors heard she cut the evening short after Nimmala became agitated, but he was said to have pestered her for cash as she walked to Charing Cross Tube station. He was then alleged to have seized her white Blackberry mobile phone on February 15 this year. But a jury cleared Nimmala of theft after deliberating for just 53 minutes following a three-day trialNimmala said he took Ms Sultana’s phone thinking she would give him £25, but insisted he never intended to keep the device. Helen Thomas, prosecuting, previously told the court: 'This case is about a first date that goes badly wrong. 'Ms . Sultana informed to defendant that she didn’t have any money with her . and that she had assumed that he would be paying for the evening. 'At that point the defendant became angry and so their evening together came to an abrupt close.' Scene: The Ruby Blue Lounge in Leicester Square where Kishore Nimmala went on a first date with Fakhara Sultana . The couple then made their way to Charing Cross station with Nimmala allegedly badgering his date for her share of the cash on the way. The court heard that when Ms Sultana took her phone from her bag, Nimmala 'grabbed it' and ran. Two police officers, who were on Charing Cross Road, joined the chase and caught up with Nimmala on St Martin’s Lane before they witnessed him throw the phone away. The court heard that Nimmala does not deny taking the phone without permission, but that the issue is whether or not he did so dishonestly and with the intention to permanently deprive her of the device. Nimmala, of Leyton, east London, denied theft. Hearing: Nimmala denied one count of theft at Southwark Crown Court . (CNN) -- Celebrated Norwegian artist Edvard Munch's life was fraught with anxiety and hallucinations. The painter, who died 70 years ago today, created one of the most recognized masterpieces in history, "The Scream", which came to him in a sinister vision as he stood on the edges of Oslofjord. "The sun began to set - suddenly the sky turned blood red," he wrote. "I stood there trembling with anxiety - and I sensed an endless scream passing through nature." The painting is thought to represent the angst of modern man, which Munch experienced deeply throughout his life, but saw as an indispensable driver of his art. He wrote in his diary: "My fear of life is necessary to me, as is my illness. They are indistinguishable from me, and their destruction would destroy my art." Munch may be one of the most high profile artists to walk the line between extreme talent and torment, but he is not the only one. Vincent van Gogh, who cut of his ear after an argument with his friend Paul Gauguin, and later killed himself, swayed heavily between genius and madness. In a letter to his brother Theo in 1888 he wrote: "I am unable to describe exactly what is the matter with me. Now and then there are horrible fits of anxiety, apparently without cause, or otherwise a feeling of emptiness and fatigue in the head... at times I have attacks of melancholy and of atrocious remorse." These painters' personal struggles still echo in popular culture today, and have given rise to the belief that artists are more susceptible to a range of mental illnesses, including bipolar disorder and schizophrenia. A growing body of research suggests that there is merit to that popular assumption. Madness may lurk where creativity lies. The dark side of creativity . Psychologists have been fascinated by the potential link for decades. The earliest and most rudimentary studies examined eminent people across fields including literature and the arts. These studies found that creatives had an unusually high number of mood disorders. Charles Dickens, Tennessee Williams, and Eugene O'Neill all appeared to suffer from clinical depression. So too did Ernest Hemingway, Leo Tolstoy and Virginia Woolf. Sylvia Plath famously took her own life by sticking her head in an oven while her two children slept. Critics rightly pointed out that these studies focused on very specific groups of high-achievers, and that they relied on anecdotal evidence. Subsequent studies have cast the net wider. Simon Kyaga led a team of researchers at Sweden's Karolinska Institute. Read more: Life of a muse: What is it like to inspire art for a living? Using a registry of psychiatric patients, they tracked nearly 1.2 million Swedes and their relatives. The patients demonstrated conditions ranging from schizophrenia and depression to ADHD and anxiety syndromes. They found that people working in creative fields, including dancers, photographers and authors, were 8% more likely to live with bipolar disorder. Writers were a staggering 121% more likely to suffer from the condition, and nearly 50% more likely to commit suicide than the general population. They also found that people in creative professions were more likely to have relatives with schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, anorexia and autism. That is significant. Earlier studies on families have suggested that there could be an inherited trait that gives rise to both creativity and mental illness. Some people may inherit a form of the trait that fosters creativity without the burden of mental illness, while others may inherit an amped-up version that stokes anxiety, depression and hallucinations. There is anecdotal evidence supporting the connection. Albert Einstein's son lived with schizophrenia, as did James Joyce's daughter. Keri Szaboles, a psychiatrist at Semmelweis University in Hungary, has studied the role genes may play more directly. Szaboles gave 128 participants a creativity test followed by a blood test. He found that those who demonstrated the greatest creativity carried a gene associated with severe mental disorders. Method in the madness? Psychologists have established a link between mental illness and creativity, but they are still piecing together the mechanisms that underlie it. In September neuroscientist Andreas Fink and his colleagues at the University of Graz in Austria published a study comparing the brains of creative people and people living with schizotypy. Read more: Art and fashion, new BFFs? Schizotypy is a less severe manifestation of schizophrenia. People with the condition may demonstrate odd beliefs (like a belief in aliens) or behavior (like wearing inappropriate clothes). Unlike schizophrenics, they do not have delusions and are not disconnected from reality. Fink and his team recruited participants demonstrating low and high levels of schizotypy. They then slid them into a functional magnetic resonance imaging machine, and asked them to come up with novel ways of using every day objects. They later assessed the originality of their responses. An interesting pattern emerged. Among those high in schizotypy and those who scored highest on originality, the right precuneus - a region of the brain involved in attention and focus - kept firing during idea generation. Normally this region deactivates during a complex task, which is thought to help a person focus. Put more simply, the results suggest that creatives and those with high levels of schizotypy take in more information and are less able to ignore extraneous details. Their brain does not allow them to filter. Scott Barry Kaufman, an American psychologist and writer for Scientific American, has summed up the results this way. "It seems that the key to creative cognition is opening up the flood gates and letting in as much information as possible," he writes. "Because you never know: sometimes the most bizarre associations can turn into the most productively creative ideas." Clearly some people suffer for their art, and clearly some art stems from suffering. But it would be inaccurate to say that all creatives run the risk of mental illness. Kyaga, the Swedish academic, points out that dancers, directors, and visual artists demonstrated mental illnesses less frequently than the general population. Read more: Life imitating art: Astonishing '2D' makeup transforms model's face into famous paintings . Read more: Jameel Prize for art inspired by Islam awarded to female fashion duo . LOS ANGELES, California (CNN) -- No deal has been reached between Michael Jackson's mother and his ex-wife over the custody of the late singer's children, according to a lawyer in the case. Debbie Rowe is the biological mother of Paris (left) and Prince Michael Jackson. Eric George, who represents Debbie Rowe, the biological mother of Jackson's two oldest children, demanded Tuesday that the New York Post retract its report that Rowe had agreed to take $4 million not to challenge Katherine Jackson for custody. In a letter sent Tuesday afternoon to the newspaper's editor, George said the report "can only have been concocted with reckless disregard for the truth." "There has been no agreement reached between Ms. Rowe and the Jacksons," George said. "The Post stands by its story," New York Post Editor-in-Chief Col Allan told CNN. While George said Rowe still has not decided if she will ask the court for custody or visitation, he said she will not try to get money from the Jackson family. "Ms. Rowe has not accepted -- and will not accept -- any additional financial consideration beyond the spousal support she and Michael Jackson personally agreed to several years ago," George said. The couple divorced in 1999 with Rowe giving Jackson full custody while she got a $8.5 million settlement, according to court documents. Jackson later agreed to additional support. Jackson's lawyer has not responded to requests for comment Tuesday. The Jackson family lawyer said last week that they were working to "privately and amicably resolve" the matter. A child custody court hearing, which had been set for this week, was delayed until next Monday at the request of lawyers for Jackson and Rowe, a court official said. Katherine Jackson gained temporary guardianship of the children soon after her son's death last month. The New York Post, quoting an unidentified Jackson family source, reported Rowe had agreed to drop any custody challenge for a $4 million payment. Watch a discussion of the legal issues of the case » . "Among the several contenders for overzealous and inaccurate sensationalism, the New York Post has now seized top honors," George wrote to the paper. "It would be easier to identify those few background facts that are accurate than to catalog the number of blatant falsehoods in your story." Jackson and Rowe married in 1996 and their first child -- Michael Joseph Jackson Jr. -- was born in February 1997. A daughter -- Paris-Michael Katherine Jackson -- was born the next year. The two met when Rowe was working as a nursing assistant in the Beverly Hills office of Jackson's dermatologist, Dr. Arnold Klein. Rowe said in a 2003 interview, later obtained by ABC News, that she became close to Jackson in 1996 when she consoled him after his brief marriage to Lisa Marie Presley ended. "He was upset because he really wanted to be a dad," Rowe said. "I said, 'So, be a dad.' He looked at me puzzled. That is when I looked at him and said. 'Let me do this. I want to do this. You have been so good to me. You are such a great friend. Please let me do this. You need to be a dad, and I want you to be.' " She told the interviewer they married only to "prevent some of the taboo of a child out of wedlock." She gave up parental rights to Jackson in 2001, but she changed her mind more than two years later and sought temporary custody of the children. A California appeals court later ruled her rights were improperly terminated, opening the door to a possible custody battle. Rowe claimed in the 2003 interview that she still had "some influence" over how Jackson raised the children, citing his practice of covering their faces in public as her idea. "That was my request, not his," she said. "I am the one who's terrified. I am the one who's seen the notes that someone's going to take his children," she said. She said the children don't call her "mom" because she did not want them to. "It's not that they're not my children, but I had them because I wanted him to be a father," she said. Rowe, 50, lives on a horse farm in Palmdale, California, about 60 miles north of Los Angeles. CNN's Kay Jones contributed to this report. With England’s autumn series kicking off on Saturday, Sir Clive Woodward sets the scene for their four crucial matches. Sam Peters asks the questions. Sam Peters: How do you see the QBE series going for England and where are Stuart Lancaster’s team compared to yours at this stage 12 years ago? Sir Clive Woodward: The current group of English players is just as talented as the 2003 squad, but I just don’t think we’ve seen the right XV on the field playing the style of rugby required to win a World Cup. You need to create a team that can outscore any side in the world. Let’s be very clear: to win a World Cup you have to be able to outscore the southern hemisphere sides and not just the Six Nations teams. Can England beat New Zealand on Saturday? Yes. Can they win four out of four games? Absolutely. Sir Clive Woodward's 2003 side lift the Webb Ellis trophy after winning the World Cup in Australia . Peters: You beat the southern hemisphere’s top three in 2002. What did you say to the players before that series of matches? Woodward: At the beginning of a series like this everyone tries to figure out what an acceptable set of results will look like and what impact they will have on our chances at the World Cup. But ultimately it is all about the here and now and that was the approach we took in 2002. I made it clear to the players that there wasn’t going to be any selection based on ‘development’. Every team was picked to win the next game and nothing else. We staged the autumn tests as a series of ‘knockout fixtures’ to create that must-win-match attitude. We knew that if we won all three we would become the IRB’s No 1 ranked team, which would make for a great Christmas. In public we played it down, but privately that was the goal at the end of these three ‘knockout games’. England captain Chris Robshaw spins out a pass in training at Pennyhill Park this week . Peters: What do you put England’s injury crisis down to? Woodward: During my time, there were all sorts of battles going on between clubs and the union over the management of the players and, specifically, how much rugby they were playing and how they were managed when they became injured. I was determined to be at the front of the discussions in order to get what I felt was best for the players and the England team. Post-World Cup, my first major disagreement with the RFU came when it was decided, without my input, that the clubs would not only lead on the medical well-being of a player, but it was their decision whether they played or not. The RFU’s medical team believed they could ensure the player’s well-being by simply working closely with the club doctors. I totally disagreed with that philosophy. Players come under peer pressure. They are left in an impossible situation and end up playing when injured because they want to do what’s best for their club. Bath centre Kyle Eastmond is expected to start for England at Twickenham on Saturday . England’s current injury list has gone beyond simple bad luck. I would need more details before commenting on an individual basis, but Joe Launchbury’s problem surprises me. It appears from the outside as if he’s been carrying the injury for some time while continuing to play for Wasps. Why is he now missing England games? Are we now in a position where, because England are going to have all their top players from May, there is an acceptance the clubs are the priority until then? That can’t be right. We have five of the starting XV injured and Mike Brown looks like he needs a rest, too. I always encouraged the players to take individual responsibility for their well-being. Collectively the players understood the bigger picture and the effect playing with injuries at club level had to our England ambitions. We should not be facing the three biggest teams in the world with so many injuries, and it’s no surprise they are arriving with fully-fit squads. Joe Launchbury was a late withdrawal from the England training squad with a neck injury . Peters: So how does Lancaster approach the series? Woodward: Frustrating though these injuries are, England have depth — and now is the time to prove that to New Zealand, South Africa and Australia. I would be seriously concerned leaving Twickenham for the last time before the World Cup having been beaten by an England team depleted by injuries. England players won’t need reminding how great an opportunity this is to make the shirt their own, but privately I would still be winding players up. It’s wrong to play down the New Zealand game and suggest that with our injuries it’s merely a good chance to develop the squad. It’s times like this that Lancaster will see everything he needs to from the peripheral players. Can they cut it at the very top of the international game? By the end of this series he’ll know all he needs to know about guys such as Semesa Rokoduguni, Dave Attwood and Kyle Eastmond. Let’s not hide behind development, team culture or valiant efforts. We’re at Twickenham. Let’s beat these teams and be bold about it. Dave Attwood gets a chance to start at lock with both Launchbury and Geoff Parling out injured . Peters: Which players excite you most going into the series? Woodward: It’s a worry for me that no players immediately leap off the team-sheet as real X-factor types. Rokoduguni is a fantastic story and I’m looking forward to seeing if he can translate his club form on to the international stage but, make no mistake, he’s going to be targeted by the All Blacks on Saturday. If he can withstand that and come through in credit then it will give him enormous confidence going into the rest of the series. But Rokoduguni is keeping some top-class wings out of the side in Christian Wade, David Strettle and Chris Ashton — so he’s got plenty to prove. Semesa Rokoduguni is likely to be targeted by the All Blacks on his England debut at Twickenham . Peters: What about from the opposition? Woodward: Israel Folau is such a powerful and destructive runner and absolutely superb under the high ball. He gives Australia a completely different attacking option with his pace and physicality. He’s a brilliant player who will excite anyone who watches him. Whoever the Wallabies play at 10-12 will also be a threat. They went for Quade Cooper and Matt Toomua against the Barbarians, but they have such an array of talent, with players such as Christian Lealiifano waiting in the wings, that their midfield combination is bound to be dangerous. Then there’s Handre Pollard. The 20-year-old fly-half was absolutely outstanding for the Springboks as they beat the All Blacks when the sides last met. With a traditionally monstrous Springbok pack in front of him, he looks a huge prospect. I’m also a huge admirer of lock Eben Etzebeth. He’s a hugely powerful athlete who walks like a gunslinger and has an attitude to match. South Africa lock Eben Etzebeth (right) is a player Sir Clive Woodward is looking forward to seeing this autumn . Peters: Sorry for repeating myself, but can England really beat the All Blacks? Woodward: Of course they can. The great thing for them is that public expectation levels are low because of the players missing. There’s almost nothing to lose. They can cast off the shackles and play with a pace and tempo that gets the Twickenham crowd on their feet. I’m excited by that prospect and I really hope the players are, too. VIDEO Lancaster: England will be ready for the Rugby World Cup . Officers were called to the Xscape retail park in Castleford on Sunday night where up to 30 men were fighting. The incident took place at about 18:30 BST after an argument inside a pub. One man was treated in hospital for a head wound. A 31-year-old man from Normanton was arrested on suspicion of affray and has been released on police bail. Sgt Alex Macleod said: "Inquiries are ongoing regarding this incident and we would like to speak to anyone who recognises any of the men pictured in the CCTV images." The Panthers begin their European campaign in the second round in Spain, with matches against hosts Jaca, followed by Istanbul and Liepaja. Neilson told BBC Radio Nottingham: "This team is all about business on the ice, which is great to see. "But it will be good to spend an extended period of time together on the road together in the coming days." Panthers begin the four-team tournament on Friday against their Spanish hosts, before facing Turkish side Istanbul on Saturday and Latvian club Liepaja on Sunday. The winners will go through to November's semi-final in Denmark, one step away from January's Super Final. "It is certainly a goal to win it," continued Neilson. "Getting through the stages won't be easy but, I know it's cliché, you take every game as it comes. "Scouting these teams has been difficult but if we go there, do our thing and play our game, we should be fine. "Give these teams credit. They do things a little differently from standard Elite League hockey, but it can be effective." By . Dr Ellie Cannon . PUBLISHED: . 17:00 EST, 5 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:03 EST, 5 January 2013 . As a doctor – and also a parent – I was deeply concerned by the controversial case of Neon Roberts, the seven-year-old whose mother Sally refused to allow him to have radiotherapy for his brain tumour. The hospital caring for Neon sought legal backing to give him the treatment against her wishes, and last month the High Court ruled that six weeks of radiotherapy should start early this month, followed by 18 months of chemotherapy. Despite compelling evidence that the alternative approaches she found via the internet were unlikely to work, Ms Roberts remains defiant. Yet I strongly believe the correct decision was made. Neon is now more likely to survive the cancer. Dilemma: Sally Roberts with her cancer-stricken son Neon . The case has highlighted many misconceptions about parental rights, along with the risks and benefits of cancer treatment. Here, I answer the questions I have been asked most . . . Surely the parent’s wishes ought to be paramount?Actually, no. The patient’s rights are paramount. When there is danger to a child, doctors have to act in their best interests. Some argue that doctors ought to have more power in the treatment of conditions such as measles, but unless there is a life-or-death situation you can’t impose health diktats. Ms Roberts was choosing a route that meant her son was more likely to die. Case lost: After an appeal in London's High Court a judge ruled that Sally Roberts is no longer allowed to refuse treatment for Neon . At what point are doctors acting in more than an advisory capacity?Where doctors believe that parental decisions may be not in a child’s best interests, it can be necessary to seek a view from the courts. Doctors believed Neon would die within months without radiotherapy. I see that Ms Roberts was in a desperate position, but she doesn’t seem able to make a rational decision. There is a five-year survival rate of 86 per cent for patients with medulloblastoma – the type of cancer suffered by Neon – who have radiotherapy. Due to the delays in his treatment, Neon now has an estimated 67 per cent chance of survival. Sally Roberts argued that radiotherapy could do more harm than good. Could she be right?All cancer treatment is backed up by data based on millions of patients. However, there are no absolutes. It’s all about odds. We know the treatment most likely to work, but not whether it will be successful. Actress Hayley Mills recently spoke about her decision to stop chemotherapy after surgery for breast cancer. Should her cancer return, it is more likely to be terminal because chemotherapy helps to prevent the spread of tumours. A recent Oxford University study involving about 100,000 women concluded that having chemotherapy reduces breast cancer mortality by about a third. Doctor's advice: Such as in the case of Neon, it is what is best for the patient which is paramount, not the parent's wish . But what about the damage radiotherapy could cause?There are undoubtedly risks with radiation, including growth problems and infertility. However, given that medics concluded Neon would die without this treatment, the benefits outweigh the risks. Sally Roberts argued that the only evidence she was offered for the efficacy of radiation was a paper from the Forties. Is this true?There is plenty of research backing up use of radiotherapy in this cancer. It is possible Ms Roberts hasn’t seen this. Children in developed countries have been given radiotherapy for more than half a century. If you compare the cancer survival rates of rich and poor countries, our treatments make a clear difference. What about the other medics advising her? Their opinions have been totally dismissed.None was on the specialist register. One spelt medulloblastoma incorrectly. It makes me so angry that these quacks prey on the vulnerable. None of the alternatives is clinically proven in the treatment of this cancer. If Sally Roberts is considered irresponsible, should Neon be taken away from her?No. She is in an appalling position. My heart goes out to her. She is trying to do the best thing. This doesn’t reflect on her everyday parenting. Follow me on Twitter @Dr_Ellie . The first pictures of a stomach-turning torture chamber where a British-born Massachusetts resident planned to rape, murder and eat children have emerged. Prosecutors are pushing for would-be cannibal Geoffrey Portway, 40, to be put away for 27 years after he confessed to plotting the heinous crimes. He will be sentenced next Tuesday. Photographs taken by investigators of Portway's Worchester home in 2012 show an eerie staircase leading to a hidden basement room containing a 'child-sized homemade coffin,' a steel cage, handcuffs and a set of butcher's knives. Scroll down for video . Creepy: Pictures of the stomach-turning torture chamber where British-born Massachusetts resident Geoffrey Portway planned to rape, murder then eat children show a makeshift coffin and a cage, left . Coffin: The homemade child-size box, pictured, was soundproofed . Evidence: Investigators also found handcuffs, pictured, in the horror basement torture chamber . 'Portway has pled guilty to some of . the most vile and heinous crimes known to our society, namely . participating in the sexual exploitation of young children through the . possession and distribution of child pornography and soliciting the . kidnapping of a child for the purpose of killing and consuming that . child,' federal prosecutors wrote in court documents, obtained by the Boston Herald. Guilty: Portway, 40, was sentenced to 27 years on Tuesday in Worcester, Massachusetts . The . sentencing papers, filed yesterday, include frightening excerpts from . online chats Portway had with like-minded child pornographers and . potential killers, including Florida puppeteer Ronald Brown who planned . to kidnap children he knew through his local church. According . to the Herald, Brown went as far as to send Portway a photograph of a . young boy 'with lines drawn on him to identify the different cuts of . meat.' The two chatted . about kidnapping the boy, taking him to a rented house and eating him . over several weeks before feeding the 'leftovers' to alligators. Brown . has since been convicted. In . May, Portway pleaded guilty to solicitation to kidnap a child and to . distribution and possession of child pornography. As a British national, . he will likely be deported after serving his sentence. Portway had numerous chats with . individuals about a 'mutual interest in abducting, raping, murdering, . and eating children,' an agreed statement of facts released by the U.S. attorney in Boston in May stated. In . July last year, federal agents searching Portway's residence in . Worcester discovered the terrifying locked dungeon in the basement of . his home. It contained a chair, television, and what appeared to be cable access to the Internet. The . room also contained the child-sized homemade coffin that had large . speakers covering wire mesh at one end and an exterior locking devices. Strange: Police found various other items including a child's jumpsuit, pictured, in the basement . Locks: The box had straps, pictured, which Portway intended to use to restrain his victim . They also found a steel cage . approximately 3' wide, 2'high and 4' long with multiple locking devices, . and a steel table top with steel rings at six points, presumably for . restraints. Outside was a cabinet freezer, an upright freezer, disposable scalpels, butchering kits, and castration tools. This . dungeon was described in detail by Portway in recovered chats as a . place he intended to use to keep kidnapped children while he sexually . abused them and as a place to eventually murder and cannibalize the . children. Many of these conversations were accompanied by the trading of child pornography. These . chats also included images of children known to them, accompanied by . discussions of desire to sexually abuse, murder and cannibalize those . children. Stairs: Photographs taken by investigators of Portway's Worchester home in 2012 show an eerie staircase, pictured, leading down to a hidden basement dungeon . Knives: Police also found a 'delux butcher set,' pictured, in Portway's home . Disturbing: Books and DVDs on cannibalism, pictured, were discovered in Portway's home . Bleach: Investigators also found a bottle of bleach in the dungeon . As stated both in court filings from . May, through his online chats, Portway solicited several people for . their help in abducting a child, including Brown and another man called Michael Arnett of Kansas. At . least as early as 2010, Portway utilized Skype and other programs to . communicate with Arnett, trading child pornography including images of . injured, mutilated and deceased children while chatting about the sexual . abuse, rape, abduction, murder, and cannibalism of children. Over . months, Portway repeatedly solicited Arnett to kidnap a child for him, . with the intent that Portway would ultimately rape, kill and eat that . child. These solicitations . for help in abducting a child included discussing real children, by name . and photo, that Arnett claimed to know and have access. Rope: Other equipment found included 'Japanese Silk Love Rope' Cage: The cage had a small mattress in it and multiple locks . Sick: Portway's DVD collection contained much inspiration for the gruesome things he planned to carry out . In the chats, . Portway and Arnett discuss different ways to kidnap children and the age . range that Portway prefers. During the time that Portway was soliciting Arnett, Portway had been told that Arnett had helped others with such requests before and that . Arnett had experience with the abduction and sexual abuse of children. Arnett has since pleaded guilty in Kansas to the sexual exploitation of a child for the purposes of producing child pornography. A forensic examination of the computers uncovered evidence of over 4,500 trades of child pornography between Portway and others. Many of these trades involved Portway distributing child pornography to others based on their stated specific preferences, including images and videos appearing to depict dead children and the cannibalism of children. House of horror: Tucked in the basement of a Beechmont Street, Worcester, MA home federal authorities found a dungeon containing a child-sized homemade coffin, a steel cage, torture devices and butchering tools . Agreement: Geoffrey Portway, a UK citizen born in Spain and living in Worcester, Massachusetts had solicited a Kansas man, Michael Arnett (pictured), to kidnap a child whom Portway 'would ultimately rape, kill and eat.' Filthy: The apartment including the sink, pictured,was filthy when police raided it . Sturdy: The lid of the cage is extremely sturdy with multiple locks . 'Clearly, the facts of this case were . quite disturbing and we are grateful law enforcement acted when they . did,' said United States Attorney Carmen Ortiz. 'I hope that this case send a clear . message that we will prosecute to the fullest extent of the law those . who participate in these types of activities. 'Even though criminals attempt to hide in the anonymity provided by the Internet, the Department of Justice is committed to aggressively pursuing them to ensure that there is no place to hide.' 'An investigation that began in Milford in 2010 — expanded to Europe and beyond —has returned back to where it originally started: the Commonwealth of Massachusetts,' said Bruce Foucart, special agent in charge of the Homeland Security Investigation in Boston. Locked: The door to the basement, pictured, had a sturdy lock . Meat: Bags of meat, pictured, were found in the man's freezer though none of it was human . Freezer: Portway talked of chopping up little boys, freezing the parts in his freezer, pictured, and eating them over several weeks . 'Since we began this operation —Operation Holitna — a worldwide network of offenders has been, and continues to be,unraveled, including Portway.' Foucart added,'Thanks to the determination of HSI, along with our partners at the U.S. attorney's office, we have been able to rescue 160 children and arrest 51 perpetrators worldwide. This was all as a result of the arrest of a Milford man, and subsequent advanced forensics of his digital media. 'Portway's guilty plea should serve as a stern warning to those inclined to abuse children or share images of child pornography: there isn't a place in the United States, on the Internet, or the planet in which you are truly safe. We will investigate you, we will prosecute you and we will bring you to justice.' Sinister: The dungeon, pictured, was discovered after police noticed Portway chatting online about the planned crimes and sharing child porn . Torture: The man had a large selection of equipment he planned to use to torture a child . Rings: He had a bag of latex rings, pictured, used for castrating calves . Device: He also had the device to apply the nasty latex rings . England's experimental use of Manu Tuilagi on the wing may be short-lived after a match where he was unable to emulate the explosive impact he had from midfield seven days earlier. Stuart Lancaster was asked after this defeat if the ploy would be repeated next week and said: ‘We’ve got to assess the game. ‘We won’t make any decisions until Wednesday next week. Overall, the back-line created opportunities as a group; the disappointment is that we weren’t able to finish them. But three tries in Dunedin is not a bad return.’ Deft: Manu Tuilagi holds off two New Zealand defenders to hand off for Chris Ashton to go over . Forward surge: Manu Tuilagi is stopped by Julian Savea as he powers toward the try line . Late rally: Chris Ashton goes over for England's third try in Dunedin . Proud: Stuart Lancaster (right) praised his players for scoring three tries against New Zealand . Tuilagi did make a telling contribution at the end of the match, when his back-hand off-load sent Mike Brown clear and paved the way for Chris Ashton’s try, but prior to that there had been ample proof that he is not a bona fide winger. The most obvious example came just before half-time when Tuilagi broke clear on the right but lacked the pace to finish off the chance he created. Time and again, the All Blacks sought to target him and, while the 23-year-old’s defensive resolve was not in question, every kick behind him equated to a flurry of panic in English ranks as he set about the unfamiliar routine of turning and tracking back under pressure. Overall, there was just an over-riding sense that one of England’s primary attacking weapons had been somewhat marginalised, which suited New Zealand far more than the tourists. Breakaway: Manu Tuilagi sprints away from the New Zealand defenders but is caught short of the try line . Pros: Manu Tuilagi helped to set up a try, created a scoring opportunity for himself, made six tackles — three more than last week — and showed an increasing hunger to go looking for the ball as the game wore on. Cons: He was less heavily involved — he had 10 runs, three fewer than in the first Test — and lacked conviction when the ball was kicked in his vicinity. He was also unable to take his scoring chance. Media playback is not supported on this device Chairman Jonathan Browning said the governing body will be making changes to be more caring to riders. "Where there are failings we apologise," Browning told BBC sports editor Dan Roan. He added the organisation would also address concerns raised by MPs at a select committee hearing into doping. An investigation into the culture at British Cycling was launched last year after ex-riders complained about their treatment. A report on the findings of the investigation is imminent. But the governing body says work on an action plan to address any "failings" is already under way. "Athlete and participant welfare is our highest priority," said Browning. He said the organisation had achieved "remarkable success" in not only winning races, but bringing new people into the sport. However, he added: "We deeply regret any instance where we have failed to deliver." He accepted there had been "well reported" incidences where behaviour had been "unacceptable" and needed to be addressed. "My ambition for athletes is anyone leaving the programme says 'I would recommend it to my younger brother or sister'," he said. Browning said British Cycling was now "committed to implementing the recommendations of the independent review in full" to ensure the best possible environment in which its athletes could flourish. The action plan aims include: The independent review was commissioned last April by British Cycling alongside UK Sport, which provides elite funding to the organisation. It came after former technical director Shane Sutton, who was was later cleared of eight of nine allegations, was found to have used sexist language towards cyclist Jess Varnish. UK Sport chief executive Liz Nicholl says the independent review has "identified valuable lessons" both for British Cycling and other sports it funds. The organisation set out its own action plan to help British Cycling, which includes "placing more emphasis on the importance of culture and duty of care". Browning added: "Athlete development has been and will continue to be the key to our success at the highest level. "This is not about complying to protect funding, this is about running and leading our organisation in a way that is consistent with our ambition to be a world-class governing body and a great place to work." Media playback is not supported on this device The release of British Cycling's action plan comes a day after MP Damian Collins said the body's credibility was "in tatters" following a separate inquiry into doping. MPs heard "some detailed and worrying" evidence from former British Cycling coach Simon Cope and UK Anti-Doping chief Nicole Sapstead, covering poor record-keeping of riders' medical details to the mysterious contents of a jiffy bag delivered from British Cycling to Team Sky at a race in France. Browning, who only took on the role of chairman last month, said he had been left "really disappointed" by the hearing, adding: "We're still looking for clear answers. Not only do we need to be clean but we have to be able to demonstrate it. "I've not come across any evidence of cheating. I've found an organisation that's changed quickly and needs to reset its priorities - it's something we are going to fix." In 1965 Ted Heath made two speeches and stayed at the conference throughout, which represented a break with tradition. Before then, the leader descended on the conference at the end to deliver their oration. He said in his memoirs he "wanted to show that members of the shadow cabinet and I were interested in all the views expressed on different resolutions at the conferences". On the economy: "Did you notice that [secretary of state for economic affairs] George Brown in one of his happier moods said, 'This has been a great year for Britain.' A great year for Britain? Do we really read it aright? "Where has he been living all this time? Has it been a great year for industry? The longest period of 7% bank rate since 1921. The toughest credit squeeze since the twenties. Investment and modernisation programmes curtailed. Costs rising and production static." On Rhodesia: "A unilateral declaration of independence would be invalid. Its impact would have the gravest consequences." Best gag: "Poor Mr Jay [president of the Board of Trade] - reduced to carrying George Brown's bags to international conferences. When there is good news, that is; when there is bad news he has to open the bag and read it himself." How it went down: The Times reported that the party faithful saw their leader in a "new light", writing: "Gone was the dry atonic dullness of the Brussels negotiator; gone were the strident polemics of the opposition front bench. The Mr Heath who presented himself to the faithful today was calm and unemphatic, but he had also acquired a new light and shade in delivery which held his audience even through the dull patches." Margaret Thatcher addressed her party conference as leader for the first time in 1975, and paid tribute to her predecessor Ted Heath. She did not dwell on her own story and the only policy she outlined was scrapping hospital pay beds, but she set about her critique of Labour and her alternative vision in a way which was to make a lasting impression on her party. On the economy: "It is the Labour government that brought the level of production below that of the three-day week in 1974. We have really got a three-day week now, only it takes five days to do it. It is the Labour government that has brought us record peace-time taxation. "They have the usual socialist disease: they have run out of other people's money. It is the Labour government that has pushed public spending to record levels. How have they done it? By borrowing and borrowing. Never in the field of human credit has so much been owed." On communist regimes: "Whenever I visit communist countries their politicians never hesitate to boast about their achievements. They know them all by heart; they reel off the facts and figures, claiming this is the rich harvest of the communist system. Yet they are not prosperous as we in the West are prosperous, and they are not free as we in the West are free." Best gag: "I sometimes think the Labour Party is like a pub where the mild is running out. If someone does not do something soon all that is left will be bitter, and all that is bitter will be Left." How it went down: Mrs Thatcher was received with "rolling breakers of cheers, shouts, and foot-stamping" in a scene which was "for all the world like an American convention", according to The Times. That paper's political editor saw that those who had helped her to the leadership are "only now beginning to fully realise her formidable strength and skills". John Major took over from Margaret Thatcher in November 1990, so he did not address conference until the following year when he opened on a rather more personal note than his predecessor. He told conference it was a "long road from Coldharbour Lane (in Brixton) to Downing Street". On choice: "I want to give individuals greater control over their own lives. Every mother, every father, a say over their child's education. Every schoolchild, a choice of routes to the world of work. Every patient, the confidence that their doctors can secure the best treatment for them." On Europe: "I believe strongly in partnership in Europe. Britain, as a great European power, has gained from our membership of the (European Economic) Community. That is the verdict of those people in our country who live by business, banking and trade, the very people on whom our prosperity and jobs depend. But it must be the right Europe." Best gag: "A great deal has been written about my education. Never has so much been written about so little." How it went down: The Times observed his speech "may not have sparked the frenzied flag-waving abandon of the Thatcher years", but he was judged to have "won the affection of constituency activists with his quotes from personal experience" and by "emphasising his image as a man of the people". He found a "nice holding line" on Europe, and was described as "the party's biggest electoral asset". William Hague made his first conference speech as leader in 1997 - but of course it was not the first time he had addressed the party faithful. That came 20 years earlier, when he made a memorable speech in Blackpool aged 16. Mr Hague's leader's speech ended a conference that was seen by many as a bloodletting process at a time of deep divisions in the party. On the party: "I have no illusion about the mammoth task ahead of us. But I pledge with every breath in my body to do everything in my power to rebuild this party." On the Amsterdam Treaty: "Amsterdam was a bad treaty. Bad for Europe and bad for Britain. And Tony Blair signed up to it lock, stock and barrel." Best gag: "Remember how Harold Wilson had his famous labrador? Now, for the second time in our lifetime, we have a Labour prime minister with a faithful pet called Paddy." How it went down: It was perhaps lacking the laugh-out-loud lines which he is known for. The Times called it "an unshowy and old-fashioned speech delivered with relaxed good humour, the new leader steadied nerves a little. He was received with something better than acquiescence and something less than rapture." Iain Duncan Smith's most memorable conference moment was surely his speech in 2003 when he attempted to silence critics of his leadership style, saying: "The quiet man is turning up the volume." But his first speech as leader in 2001 came four weeks after 9/11 and had a heavy focus on terrorism and security. On 9/11: "This war against terrorism is our war. The cold, callous and merciless attacks in America were the work of terrorists who knew no moral limits. They have struck before, they will strike again - we are right to strike at them. "We cannot secure peace by standing aside from war. We cannot end danger by putting safety before our friends. We cannot conquer fear, by fearing to act ourselves." On his background: "I was brought up in a family where public service wasn't just a shorthand for the public sector: it was a way of life. Life in the Forces left an indelible imprint on my childhood, so much so that I too became a soldier. I don't want to idealise Army life. But it was a life where loyalty, duty and honour counted." He didn't go in for gags, unsurprisingly, in what was a rather sombre speech, but there was some playful understatement in his acknowledgement that life as an MP "had frankly had its ups and downs". How it went down: The Times said Mr Duncan Smith "had been suffering from a cold and occasionally appeared to struggle with his delivery" and "some senior Tories expressed surprise" he didn't mention the 2001 general election defeat, or his predecessor William Hague. Peter Riddell's verdict was that on this occasion "obscurity and harmony have gone hand in hand". Michael Howard's first speech as leader focused more on policy and timetables than any attempt to revamp the party's underlying philosophy. "I'll give it to you straight," he told conference. On his message: "So when people ask you on the doorstep, 'I can't stand Tony Blair, but why should I vote for you lot?' Here are 10 words to remember. School discipline. More police. Cleaner hospitals. Lower taxes. Controlled immigration." On Europe: "Power has gone from Britain to Brussels. And that's not what the British people voted for. Let's face facts. What has happened on tax and on Europe has damaged people's faith in politics. So it's hardly surprising that people don't trust politicians today." On his background: "My grandmother was one of those killed in the concentration camps. If it hadn't been for Winston Churchill, and if it hadn't been for Britain, I would have been one of them too. That's why when I say I owe everything I am to this country, I really do mean it. I owe my life to it." Best gag: "I was born and grew up in South Wales. As you may have heard, we've just been left off the new EU map. I know people in Brussels feel strongly about Neil Kinnock, but I really do think that is going too far." How it went down: The Times found that Mr Howard "stamped his personality and authority on the Conservative Party" with a "hardline message on crime, immigration, tax and discipline". His speech was described as "softly spoken" and "there was no synchronised flag-waving - it was all very grown up." David Cameron gave his first speech as leader in 2006 - and it was seen as relatively restrained compared with his outing the previous year when he gave a memorable speech without notes on accepting the leadership and urging the party to embrace "modern, compassionate" Conservatism. On success: "Our party's history tells us the ground on which political success is built. It is the centre ground. Not the bog of political compromise. Not the ideological wilderness, out on the fringes of debate. But the solid ground where people are. "The centre ground is where you find the concerns, the hopes and the dreams of most people and families in this country." On Europe: "Instead of talking about the things that most people care about, we talked about what we cared about most. While parents worried about childcare, getting the kids to school, balancing work and family life - we were banging on about Europe." On the future: "Let optimism beat pessimism. Let sunshine win the day. And let everyone know that the Conservative Party is ready. Ready to serve. Ready to fight. Ready to win." Best gag: "Tony Blair says it's all style and no substance. In fact he wrote me a letter about it. Dear Kettleâ€¦ You're black. Signed, Pot." How it went down: The BBC's analysis called it "a low-key performance at the end of a low-key conference" which was "designed to send out some core signals to his party and voters". He was seen to have "put the NHS and the family centre of his agenda, to go green even if it hurt and - once again stealing Tony Blair's discarded clothes - to be tough on the causes of crime". But "there were a couple of sentences which sent distinct shudders through some of the delegates" such as references to the NHS being one of the greatest achievements of the 20th century and support for same-sex marriage . West Ham's Ravel Morrison has joined Cardiff on a three-month loan deal, the player has announced on Twitter. The 21-year-old former Manchester United midfielder has been out of favour at West Ham in recent months amid well-documented personal issues. Morrison announced on Twitter on Tuesday afternoon: 'Happy to get a 3 month loan @CardiffCityFC time to start playing some football again.' Ravel Morrison (right), during a rare appearance for West Ham this season, has made a loan move to Cardiff . He added in another tweet about West Ham, which he later deleted: 'I got no ratings off people in the club not the club it's self (sic) just people in it.' The England Under-21 international is set to face trial in January over allegations he threatened to throw acid in his former girlfriend's face and have her killed. He is also accused of threatening to blow up Reah Mansoor's house during an alleged four-year campaign of harassment against her and is alleged to have assaulted the 19-year-old and her mother, Parveen Mansoor, 39, in Salford in the early hours of July 27. Manchester-born Morrison was considered one of the most talented youngsters to have come out of United for many years during his time at Old Trafford, but he ended up making only three substitute appearances in the League Cup for Sir Alex Ferguson's side and joined West Ham in a £650,000 deal in January 2012. Morrison has started just 12 Premier League games for the Hammers in more than two-and-a-half years and has had loan spells at Birmingham and QPR during his time in east London. He has made just two appearances for West Ham this season, against Sheffield United in the Capital One Cup and Southampton in the Premier League. Morrison could make his debut for managerless Cardiff in the SkyBet Championship at home to Sheffield Wednesday on Saturday. Cardiff's new loan signing Ravel Morrison arriving at Manchester Magistrates' Court in July . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Travelling Chelsea fans won't find it too hard to pick out their heroes in action next season. Jose Mourinho's side have released their new away kit, an all-yellow tribute to the west London club's history. Until the recent darker efforts, yellow Chelsea away kits were the norm in a tradition dating back to the 1960s. Yellow peril: Brazilian midfielder Oscar should feel right at home in Chelsea's new away kit . Ready to play: The kit harks back to the club's traditional away colour dating back to the 1960s . Close-up: The kit features the Chelsea crest and adidas logo in the west London club's classic royal blue . Throwback: The kit will be seen by the club's fans as return to their more traditional change colour . Stamford Bridge legends like Peter Osgood and Charlie Cooke frequently donned yellow on the fabled FA Cup winning-side of 1970s travels. The colour also cropped up on the 1980s pinstriped kits of Pat Nevin and Kerry Dixon, while younger fans will remember 1990s stars like Gianfranco Zola and Dennis Wise in yellow kits. The move back to yellow will be popular with the club's fanbase, in the last decade only treated to the colour in the kit worn in the 2009 cup final and a controversial flourescent kit in 2007. The kit should also make Chelsea's host of Brazilian stars feel right at home. Midfielders Oscar, Willian and Ramires, as well as David Luiz - all in Luis Felipe Scolari's World Cup squad - give the Stamford Bridge squad a decidedly 'samba' feel. Through the years: Legendary Chelsea strikers Peter Osgood (left) and Kerry Dixon in action in yellow . Icons: Chelsea greats Gianfranco Zola - left in 1997 - and Frank Lampard - in the 2009 FA Cup Final - in yellow . The visitors grabbed the lead on 63 minutes when substitute Kiwomya's defence-splitting pass released captain Lowe, who coolly tucked his effort beyond Jamie Jones. A brilliant double stop from Jones prevented Stevenage from falling two behind, as the Boro keeper stopped Billy Bingham's 25-yard strike before reacting well to keep out Chris Dagnall's close-range effort. An inspired Stevenage goalkeeper then denied Kiwomya and John Guthrie in quick succession, as the hosts struggled to deal with Crewe's attacking threat. After creating the first, Chelsea loan man Kiwomya doubled the lead with a brilliant solo goal 10 minutes from time. The 20-year-old picked up possession midway inside the Stevenage half before jinking onto his left foot and dispatching his shot beyond Jones. Charlie Lee fired home a late consolation for the hosts in injury time, but it proved too little too late. Report supplied by the Press Association. Match ends, Stevenage 1, Crewe Alexandra 2. Second Half ends, Stevenage 1, Crewe Alexandra 2. Goal! Stevenage 1, Crewe Alexandra 2. Charlie Lee (Stevenage) right footed shot from the left side of the box to the bottom right corner. Alex Kiwomya (Crewe Alexandra) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Matt Godden (Stevenage). Hand ball by Michael Tonge (Stevenage). Foul by Michael Tonge (Stevenage). James Jones (Crewe Alexandra) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Crewe Alexandra. George Ray replaces Ryan Lowe. Corner, Crewe Alexandra. Conceded by Luke Wilkinson. Attempt blocked. Chris Dagnall (Crewe Alexandra) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Foul by Andrew Fox (Stevenage). Alex Kiwomya (Crewe Alexandra) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Substitution, Stevenage. Andrew Fox replaces Fraser Franks. Goal! Stevenage 0, Crewe Alexandra 2. Alex Kiwomya (Crewe Alexandra) left footed shot from the right side of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Chris Dagnall. Attempt missed. Michael Tonge (Stevenage) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Attempt blocked. Matt Godden (Stevenage) right footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Corner, Crewe Alexandra. Conceded by Jamie Jones. Attempt saved. Jon Guthrie (Crewe Alexandra) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Corner, Crewe Alexandra. Conceded by Jamie Jones. Attempt saved. Alex Kiwomya (Crewe Alexandra) right footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the top left corner. Jobi McAnuff (Stevenage) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Oliver Turton (Crewe Alexandra). Attempt saved. Billy Bingham (Crewe Alexandra) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Attempt missed. Ryan Lowe (Crewe Alexandra) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box is close, but misses to the right. Substitution, Stevenage. Ben Kennedy replaces Tom Conlon. Corner, Crewe Alexandra. Conceded by Jobi McAnuff. Foul by Rowan Liburd (Stevenage). Zoumana Bakayogo (Crewe Alexandra) wins a free kick on the right wing. Goal! Stevenage 0, Crewe Alexandra 1. Ryan Lowe (Crewe Alexandra) right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Alex Kiwomya. Substitution, Crewe Alexandra. Alex Kiwomya replaces George Cooper. Substitution, Crewe Alexandra. Callum Ainley replaces Charlie Kirk. Foul by Rowan Liburd (Stevenage). Oliver Turton (Crewe Alexandra) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Michael Tonge (Stevenage). George Cooper (Crewe Alexandra) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Substitution, Stevenage. Rowan Liburd replaces Jake Hyde. Corner, Crewe Alexandra. Conceded by Dean Wells. Attempt blocked. Charlie Kirk (Crewe Alexandra) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Attempt blocked. Ryan Lowe (Crewe Alexandra) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. (CNN) -- Doctors Without Borders is pulling out of Somalia after more than two decades because of frequent attacks on its staff, the aid group said Wednesday. The group, internationally known by its French name, Medecins Sans Frontieres, has worked in the nation since 1991. It said civilian leaders tolerate or "condone the killing, assaulting and abducting " of aid workers. "The same actors with whom MSF must negotiate minimum guarantees to respect its medical humanitarian mission have in some cases played a role in the abuses against MSF staff, either through direct involvement or tacit approval, particularly but not exclusively in south-central Somalia," it said. In 2011, two MSF members were killed in Mogadishu, and their convicted killer was released early, the group said. Aid worker dies after attack in South Sudan . In addition, 14 other staff members have been killed and dozens of MSF's ambulances and medical facilities have been attacked, the group said. "In choosing to kill, attack, and abduct humanitarian aid workers, these armed groups, and the civilian authorities who tolerate their actions, have sealed the fate of countless lives in Somalia," said Dr. Unni Karunakara, MSF's international president. "... The situation in the country has created an untenable imbalance between the risks and compromises our staff must make, and our ability to provide assistance to the Somali people." The aid agency had a staff of about 1,500 in the nation to provide various services, including health care, malnutrition treatment, surgery and relief supplies. Somalia has been plagued by a long-running struggle between government forces and Al-Shabaab, a militant Islamist group with connections to al Qaeda. It has waged a war to implement a stricter form of Islamic law in the country. Two years ago, Somali and African forces pushed the militants out of the capital, Mogadishu, raising hopes of a return to relative security after about 20 years of violence. But the militants have maintained control of large chunks of southern and central Somalia, where they stage attacks. Until last year, Somalia had not had an effective government since dictator Mohamed Siad Barre was overthrown in 1991. Rape and injustice: The woman breaking Somalia's wall of silence . London (CNN) -- Rupert Murdoch's News International, which is embroiled in a scandal over illegal eavesdropping and police bribery, is selling its flagship building in London's Wapping district, the company announced Monday. The move follows the closure of the best-selling News of the World newspaper, which is at the heart of the scandal. Staff of its other publications, the Sun, the Times and the Sunday Times, will move to another east London site already owned by the company at Thomas More Square, the company said. The new site "provides the company with excellent facilities and flexibility. As a result, and in light of current market conditions, News International has decided not to proceed with re-modelling the Wapping site." Murdoch moved his publications out of London's historic Fleet Street district decades ago, a key step in the exodus of newspaper offices from central London. Australia launched the Michael Cheika era with a victory, but failed to convince in edging past the Barbarians 40-36 at Twickenham. The Barbarians cut Australia's 18-point lead down to just four points late in the second half, but were unable to snatch victory at the death. New coach Cheika kept his autumn Test series cards close to his chest by making 10 changes from the Wallabies side that pushed New Zealand to the brink in 29-28 Bledisloe Cup defeat last month. Barbarian Adam Thomson crosses for a try in the corner in their narrow loss to Australia in the Killik Cup . Former Australia winger Nick Cummins, for the Barbarians, runs at the Wallabies fly-half Quade Cooper . The former Leinster coach's first Australia challenge still ended in victory however, as the Wallabies won out six tries to five in their bid to move past Ewen McKenzie's acrimonious resignation. Sam Carter, Benn Robinson, Tevita Kuridrani, Rob Horne, Bernard Foley and Sean McMahon crossed for the Australians, who struggled for rhythm throughout. The Wallabies had Will Genia and Quade Cooper back in half-back tandem for the first time in a year, but still failed for fluency. Frank Halai, Adam Thomson, Francis Saili, Nick Cummins and Marnitz Boshoff claimed the scores for the Barbarians, John Kirwan's side unlucky not to prevail in the event. Wallabies winger Rob Horne runs in one of Australia's six tries of the match at Twickenham on Saturday . The Barbarians threw out all their trademark trick plays in the first 10 minutes - but were unable to make any count. Luatua's American Football lineout throw rocketed to Cummins in the outside centre channel, catching the Wallabies unawares. The Japan-based flyer knocked on though, killing cheeky move number one. When Colin Slade punted a penalty to the corner rather than for goal, in the ultimate touring-side spirit, the BaaBaas then pumped 11 men into the five-metre lineout. Australia conceded a penalty rather than a try from the drive, teeing up the Barbarians for another sneaky ploy. New Zealander Francis Saili does a celebratory dance after he scores the flair-filled Baa-Baas third try . Tomas Cubelli tapped the five-metre penalty then chipped the ball back over his head, again catching the Australians napping. Slade rose highest in the in-goal area, only to knock the ball on off his shoulder. Just when Australia looked to wrestle the initiative though, Slade kick-started a fine scoring move with an inch-perfect jink and offload out of the tackle to Cummins. The industrious Stephens clawed a pass off his toes in midfield to keep the move alive, before the ball was whipped wide to Halai. The Auckland Blues wing scythed in at the perfect moment to open the scoring. Francis Saili's defence-turning grubber sent Halai racing through again, only for the wing to fly-hack on when he should have scooped up. Cooper sustained Australia's curiously indifferent start by botching a four-man overlap with a needless miss-pass, only for lock Carter to punch over for a try on the next phase. Now based in Japan, Cummins was among the Barbarians' five different try scorers . Wallaby Tevita Kuridrani makes a bust on his way to a try in Australia's narrow win in London . Not even a Television Match Official (TMO) spotted Saia Fainga'a's clear midfield knock-on, leaving the BaaBaas flummoxed. The stubborn Barbarians refused to give in, Saili twice involved in sending Thomson home for the hosts' second score. Slade's conversion handed the BaaBaas the 12-7 advantage, only for Robinson to plough home on a tight drive. Cooper's conversion scrambled Australia a 14-12 lead that Cheika's side retained until the break. The Barbarians gifted Australia the second half's opening score, non-existent midfield defence allowing Kuridrani a cakewalk across the whitewash. Australia's new head coach Michael Cheika (centre) issues his instructions before his first game in charge . All Black Colin Slade got the chance to torment the Aussies again after New Zealand's recent win . The hosts hit back immediately though, Saili chipping the Wallabies defence before beating Sean McMahon to the loose ball to dot down. Slade then slotted a 45-metre penalty to edge the BaaBaas into a 22-21 lead. Wallabies boss Cheika made a raft of changes on 55 minutes, both Cooper and Genia hauled off. And the immediate dividend was Horne's try, the wing profiting as the Barbarians ran out of blindside defenders. Israel Folau blasted clear following a Barbarians break, only for Halai to haul him down and steal the ball. Scrum half Will Genia (centre) was reunited with No 10 Cooper in Cheika's new-look line-up . The Blues wing was hustled into touch though, and the Wallabies' replacement fly-half Foley nipped in from the quick lineout. Foley converted his own try to hand Australia an 11-point lead, before McMahon ghosted home cheaply too. Australia wing Cummins then picked a smart line to race onto Tim Nanai-Williams' blind pass to bag a Barbarians try against his international team-mates. Replacement Boshoff powered away for a score to cut the Wallabies' lead to just four points with a minute to play, but Kirwan's men were unable to turn the tide at the death. The legislation came into effect in June 2015, but it is now the subject of a High Court challenge from Dublin-born sex worker and law graduate, Laura Lee. The case was adjourned on Friday after a last-minute challenge on behalf of Arlene Foster and Martin McGuinness. The judge said there was no clear explanation for the late intervention. The court heard Attorney General John Larkin had been instructed to launch the challenge on behalf of the Office of the First and Deputy First Ministers (OFMDFM). Lawyers for Ms Lee complained to the judge that the "grossly late" move was a "highly improper and unorthodox" attempt to stop the case advancing to a full hearing. Northern Ireland was the first and only part of the UK to pass a law that made it a crime to pay for sexual services, shifting criminal responsibility from prostitutes to their clients. The legislation was brought before Stormont by the Democratic Unionist Party peer, Lord Morrow, as part of his Human Trafficking and Exploitation Bill. Ms Lee, 38, has campaigned against it, claiming it would drive prostitution underground and put sex workers at greater risk of violence from clients. Opponents of the law claim it makes it increasingly difficult for prostitutes to screen customers who may use fake names and disposable phones. The judge adjourned the case until next month, but requested full reasons for the intervention, which was made on the eve of the hearing. "I accept that this application made on behalf of the attorney general, who is acting for the first minister and deputy first minister, has not been accompanied with any clear or cogent explanation as to the course of events," he said. Ms Lee's judicial review challenge is directed at the Department of Justice (DOJ), led by Justice Minister David Ford, who also opposed the criminalisation of those who pay for prostitution. A barrister representing the DOJ confirmed it was not opposing Ms Lee's application for a judicial review of the new law, on the basis that an arguable case had been established. However, Ms Lee's legal team criticised the attempt by another Stormont department to become involved in the case. "My client is deeply concerned at the proposed, grossly late intervention on the part of the Office of First Minister and Deputy First Minister," her lawyer told the court. "We say it's highly improper and unorthodox, effectively OFMDFM are seeking to resist the grant of leave against the Department of Justice." The court heard the OFMDFM challenge raised a potential devolution issue and the judge allowed the department an opportunity to explain the late move. Vehicles carrying Western aid to displaced families in Syria and Iraq are being forced to pay huge bribes to Islamic State militants, it has been claimed. In yet another revenue stream for the terrorists, checkpoints have been set up on key roads where trucks carrying food and medical supplies are stopped and forced to pay to continue their journey. The bribes are reportedly disguised as vague 'transportation costs' by those making the payments, in order not to raise attention to the fact huge sums of Western money are helping to fund the day-to-day running of ISIS' so-called caliphate in the Middle East. Scroll down for video . Militant: Particular blackspots for ISIS checkpoints are the roads around the militants' strongholds in Raqqa and Deir ez-Zor, as well as a number of major highways in eastern Syria. Claims that ISIS is recouping vast sums of money from bribes paid by Western aid convoys came from an aid coordinator who spoke to The Daily Beast on condition of anonymity. 'The convoys have to be approved by ISIS and you have to pay them: the bribes are disguised and itemized as transportation costs,' he said, adding that the payments are made either by foreign or local non-governmental organizations, or by Turkish or Syrian transportation companies. Particular blackspots for ISIS checkpoints are the roads around the militants' strongholds in Raqqa and Deir ez-Zor, as well as a number of major highways in eastern Syria. The aid coordinator also raised concerns that not enough is being done to ensure the supplies themselves do not fall in the terrorists' hands . He claims quantities of Western food and medicine have been used to help appease families living under ISIS' brutal oppression, with some also sold on the black market in eastern Syria. Checkpoints: ISIS militants are forcing vehicles carrying food and medical supplies in Syria and Iraq to pay to continue their journey unhindered . A key element in ISIS' propaganda campaign is the phony representation that the terror group can operate as an independent state. However despite their undoubted wealth, the estimated 35,000 fighters in control of up to four million mainly reluctant citizens are unable to produce anything like the steady flow of food and medical aid it requires to function. As no nation will openly do business with the terror group, despite an estimated £2billion war chest largely raised from oil production and smuggling, the militants are forced to resort to stealing supplies from Western convoys. It is claimed that, in order to allow the convoys to enter Syria and Iraq, ISIS insists on approving the staff list of transport companies. It also demands that each convoy has at least one militant assigned to oversee the operation and arrange prices with the group's religious leaders. 'We don't have to wrangle with individual ISIS field commanders once approval is given to get the convoy in, as the militants are highly hierarchical...none of the fighters will dare touch it,' an aid coordinator told the Daily Beast. An American journalist has been killed in a car crash in Turkey just days after claiming she claimed the Turkish intelligence services had threatened her over her reporting of the siege of Kobane. Serena Shim, who worked for Iran's state-owned Press TV as Turkey correspondent, died in the city of Suruc after the car in which she was travelling reportedly collided with a 'heavy vehicle'. Shim's death came just days after she spoke on camera of her fears of being arrested, claiming Turkish intelligence agents had accused her of spying after one of her reports suggested ISIS militants were being smuggled back and forth over the Syrian border in the back of aid vehicles. Tragic: Serena Shim, who worked for Iran's state-owned Press TV as Turkey correspondent, died in the city of Suruc after the car in which she was travelling reportedly collided with a 'heavy vehicle' Shim, an American citizen of Lebanese origin, had been working in Turkey for Press TV - the Iranian state-owned television network. In a report published on the company's website, it is claimed she had been in a rental car on the way back to her hotel in the town of Suruc in Urfa Province when the 'suspicious' accident took place. Neither the 'heavy vehicle' nor the driver involved in the crash have been located after the incident, Press TV claimed, adding that her parents 'refused to believe' the crash had been an accident and are planning to pursue the matter legally. Press TV's account of the crash has been somewhat disputed by Turkish newspaper Hurriyet Daily News, however, who said the vehicle involved was a cement mixer and that the as-yet-unidentified driver had been arrested at the scene. Death: Serena Shim's death came just days after she spoke on camera of her fears of being arrested, claiming Turkish intelligence agents had accused her of spying . Only last Friday Shim was interviewed on camera by Press TV about her fears of being arrested by Turkish intelligence agencies. In the short interview she alleged that she had been approached and accused of spying after a report in which he said she claimed to have received images of Islamic State terrorists being smuggled over the Turkey-Syria in vehicles belonging to the World Food Organization and other aid groups. Shim described herself as 'surprised' at the accusation, 'because I have nothing to hide and I have never done anything aside my job.' A father has been charged with murder after allegedly stabbing his live-in girlfriend and their seven-year-old daughter to death in their home on Sunday. Maciej Kotlinski, 35, faces two counts of first-degree murder for the killings of Ania Kosinska, 34, and Victoria Kotlinski in their Chicago, Illinois home. He also allegedly murdered their dog and cat. The bodies of the mother and daughter showed signs that their killer had tried to decapitate them, police told the Chicago Tribune. On Sunday morning, Kotlinski went to his parents' home in Waukegan with the couple's five-year-old daughter, who was unharmed, and allegedly told them that he had killed Ania and Victoria. Scroll down for video . Killed: Ania Kosinska, left, has been found stabbed to death in her Chicago home beside the body of her daughter. Her live-in boyfriend and the father of the girl, Maciej Kotlinski, has been charged in the killings . He left the five-year-old girl and said he was going to kill himself. Kotlinski's parents alerted police, who found Kotlinski nearby with a knife to his neck. Authorities had to shoot the man twice with a Taser to get him to drop the knife and he was transported to a medical center for treatment of a self-inflicted neck wound. Chicago Police carried out a welfare check on the couple's home in the 3400 block of North Odell Avenue and found the woman and child stabbed to death, authorities said. Victim: Victoria Kotlinski (right) was also found stabbed to death. Her father took her five-year-old, unharmed sister to his parents' house and left the girl with them before he fled to attempt to commit suicide . Volatile: Neighbors said they would often hear Kotlinski and Kosinska arguing at the house . Police also said that the 'family pets were unresponsive'. Authorities were also seen removing a large body bag from outside the home, believed to contain the pets. An autopsy conducted on Monday determined that Kosinska and her daughter died of multiple stab and incised wounds, the Cook County medical examiner's office. It’s not clear what exactly prompted the slayings but friends and neighbors said the couple, who were originally from Poland, often fought, the Tribune reported. Friends told the paper that Kotlinski had a history of mental illness and a temper. '[He] was not well,' one friend said. 'He'd been giving her trouble for a while.' Scene: After telling his parents that he had harmed his family, authorities found the bodies inside the house, as well as the bodies of the family's cat and dog. Pictured, animal control removes the pets' bodies . No suspicions: Neighbors who lived close to the family's home, center, said they are shocked by the tragedy . Maggie Witucki, another neighbor, told the Chicago Sun-Times they would sometimes be forced to call police when the couple's fighting spilled outside into the street - but she did not know of it ever turning violent. Police have launched a domestic-related murder investigation. Victoria was a second-grader at St. Francis Borgia School. The school released a statement saying they were 'devastated by the sudden and senseless loss'. Kotlinksi is scheduled to appear in court on Tuesday on the charges, police said. See below for video . A U.S. veteran who has experienced combat all over the world and was once a special aide to military top brass has been reduced to living in his van as he can't find a job. But it's not for a lack of trying. Homeless Robert Freniere, 59, told his story to Philly.com, and explained how he has been rejected for dozens of jobs he has applied for from public libraries, despite having excellent references and three graduate degrees. When people ask why don't you get a job as a janitor, Freniere replies: 'Well, I've tried that.' He lives out of his blue minivan in King Of Prussia, Pennsylvania. Frustration: Despite having a wealth of military experience and three graduate degrees, Colonel Robert Freniere is currently living in his van with all of his possessions in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania . Pride: Robert Freniere displays his Air Force Colonel's uniform in his van (and his home) Freniere, who served in the military for 30 years and reached the rank of colonel, said he hasn't had regular employment since 2012 when he worked as defense contractor. Though he receives an annual military pension of $40,000 a year, he told Philly.com he has been overwhelmed by debt since retiring from the Air Force and splitting up from his wife two years ago. The colonel explained that the bills mounted up - such as the cost of putting his two sons through college - and he couldn't return home, so he moved into his van. Freniere said he stays in motels when he can afford it, and also occasionally sleeps on friends' couches. Yet he has impressive experience behind him. Top brass: At the peak of his career, Freniere (left) was a special assistant to General Stanley McChrystal, the former commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan (right) According to Philly.com throughout his prolific career he has served with the military in Somalia, Panama, Haiti, and Kuwait. Freniere also holds masters degrees in political science, criminal justice, and national security and strategic studies . He started life in the army by investigating drug dealing among soldiers, before moving to the Air Force and working in intelligence. The colonel started at the Pentagon in 2000 and says he was in the building during the terrorist attack there on September 11, 2001. Freniere then worked as a special assistant to General Stanley McChrystal, the former commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan, between 2003 and 2005. After . that he says he volunteered for counter-terrorism work in Iraq, but was . stopped from going by necessary surgery on his back. Freniere ended up retiring from the military in 2006 and turning to contractor work, which took him to Afghanistan twice. Tough: Freniere explained that military thinking has prepared him for his current situation. 'You stay calm. That's what we were trained for when I went through survival training,' the colonel said . Freniere has also has had a full life outside of the military. Among other things, he has reportedly written screenplays, started businesses and enjoys leaning foreign languages - his nickname is Lightning. He told Philly.com that he has been diagnosed with dyslexia and attention deficit disorder. Yet he keeps applying for jobs all day and every day. 'How many applications can you fill out . in a day? And it takes you six or seven hours, and then you don't hear . from any of them. You start getting hopeless,' Freniere said. But he told the site that military thinking has prepared him for his current situation. 'You stay calm. That's what we were trained for when I went through survival training,' the colonel said. A performance artist wound up in jail after pulling a fake penis out of his pants during a protest at a Miami art show. Kalan Sherrard, an 'avant-garde nihilist subway performer,' familiar to commuters on New York's L train, was with about 30 others protesting the wealthy at Art Basel when he reportedly tried to fight off police trying to get him out of the building. As they tried to remove him from the show, Sherrard decided this was the moment to yank out his surprise. Scroll down for video . Look at me: Kalan Sherrard, an 'avant-garde nihilist subway performer' was arrested after pulling a fake penis out on police during a protest at Art Basel in Miami . 'The unknown item was discovered to be a prosthetic penis sex toy,' according to a report from Miami Beach Police Officer Alex Delgado as quoted in The Miami Herald. 'The item was impounded.' The officers at first thought it might be a gun. He was charged with disturbing the peace and resisting an officer without violence. The Miami New Times reports that the altercation started at about 4 p.m. when Sherrard and his partner Maria Paz Valenzuela started a disturbance. He was playing with a balloon while she read a manifesto from the Art Basel site. Sherrard was screaming 'F--- Art Basel, F--- all you rich people.' The pair were part of a larger crowd wearing masks and protesting the wealthy. Despite Sherrard's years as a performer, police say they were still completely confused by what statement he intended to convey with the fake penis. 'It's like the chicken crossing the road question,' Detective Vivian Thayer told reporters. In an interview with New York magazine earlier this year, Sherrard said he performed because 'I think it has to do with being really bored of the world, sort of — both really bored and really interested.' On Thursday Sherrard was busted for 'disorderly conduct' and 'wearing a mask on the street' according ot court documents . Speaking to the Herald after his arrest, Sherrard claimed he was told by security officers he was dressed 'too artistically' to be in the event. After begging strangers for their clothing he claims to have gone on 'a very basic anti-world rant' before security and police took notice and engaged him. Both he and Valenzuela were released the next day after each posted $1,500 in bail . The Miami New Times notes that this was Sherrard's second arrest of the week. On Thursday he was busted for 'disorderly conduct' and 'wearing a mask on the street' according ot court documents. He wrote of that incident: 'Yesterday I was arrested for Dancing and Wearing A Speaking Costume, and imprisoned for 24 hours in Miami-Dade county's series of incarceratory complexes. 'It was a Kafkaesque nightmare of juggling and impossible echoes of choice, but in the end my friends and family came through and bounced me out. Thank you so much. Minus A Day, Plus the complete clarity of repose, withdrawl, meditation and disjuncture, incarceration unfailingly punctuating the entrenchment of white supremacy, privilege, and complicity. It is a spinning knife. 'In jail I remembered everything. I came back to myself.' The former Sweden international, 35, was released in June after he not being offered a new contract. He has been recovering from knee surgery at United's training ground. Mourinho said: "If the decision is to stay and wait until December - he can't be back until them - why not wait? We are speaking and changing ideas." Ibrahimovic signed a one-year deal in July 2016, but an extension was not triggered after he suffered a season-ending knee ligament injury in April. He scored 28 times in 46 games in all competitions for United. Mourinho also said he wants to sign "one or two" more players this summer. United have spent a combined £106m on Benfica defender Victor Lindhof and Everton striker Romelu Lukaku during the transfer window, and have been linked with three midfielders - Chelsea's Nemanja Matic, Ivan Perisic from Inter Milan and Tottenham's Eric Dier. Mourinho said: "I can't say any word about a Chelsea player." However, he added that United "don't have our door closed". "We need more," he said. "We wanted four - 50% of the job is done. We need two more players, at least one. Everything is so difficult." Mourinho confirmed that United tried to sign 24-year-old Spain striker Alvaro Morata last month but could not agree a fee with Real Madrid. Media playback is not supported on this device Instead, United paid Everton £75m for Belgium striker Romelu Lukaku with manager Mourinho saying his side need a "target man". "We are not speaking about a multi-functional player. He is a striker," said Mourinho, who confirmed his only involvement in the deal came when it was close to completion. "He is not a player who participates a lot in the build-up. We need a target man, which is not Martial or Rashford. "We have good players but we need a number nine. We thought Romelu would be a good option for us." Ibrahimovic's agent Mino Raiola has said the striker will stay in Europe. But both Los Angeles-based Major League Soccer clubs - LA Galaxy and Los Angeles FC - are interested in signing him if he decides to end his career elsewhere. Ibrahimovic said he will make a "big announcement" about his future soon. Mourinho added: "We wanted to let him make a decision - space and time to think and decide. "He didn't want to hide behind an amazing injury. That would be easy. "He was not happy in the way he finished the season. He made the challenge for himself to want to keep playing at highest level. "We opened the door for him to recover with our people and be one of us. It is [executive vice-chairman] Mr Woodward and Zlatan's agent who will deal with it." Figures released by Eric Pickles' Department for Communities and Local Government show around one in 10 local authority home is now occupied by foreign tenants . Around one in ten local authority homes were let last year to foreign tenants, figures showed last night. The proportion has soared since David Cameron entered Downing Street. Last year, 9 per cent of social housing properties which were let out were occupied by foreign tenants – up from 6 per cent in the final year of the last Labour government. The statistics, released by Eric Pickles’ Department for Communities and Local Government, show that this proportion of lettings is the highest in England since at least 2006/7. The figures also show that the number of homes let out to Eastern Europeans had doubled since the Coalition was formed in 2010 to 4 per cent. The DCLG document said this could be down to the fact that Britain’s borders have been opened to Bulgarians and Romanians. The figures are another problem for David Cameron as he struggles to persuade voters the Conservatives can get to grips with immigration. Ministers have already been forced to admit they will not meet the election pledge to cut net migration to the tens of thousands by next eyar. Latest figures show that annual net migration is now at 260,000 – higher than when they took office. Last month, Mr Cameron unveiled proposals to prevent migrants from accessing social housing until they have been paying tax in this country for at least four years. The increase was condemned by the cross-party Commons group on balanced migration, chaired by Labour’s Frank Field and the Tories’ Sir Nicholas Soames. In a statement, they said: ‘The proportion of social housing going to non-British nationals continues to increase. ‘This nationwide figure of one in ten disguises local variations where the impact has been much higher. A stronger priority for social housing should be given to long-standing local residents.’ The DCLG document, Social Housing Lettings, said that 91 per cent of social properties are occupied by UK nationals and 4 per cent by Eastern Europeans – that is people from Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia. A further 1 per cent are occupied by people from other EU countries, and 4 per cent by other non-UK nationals. The Local Government Association, pictured above, said ‘It is in everyone’s interest to remove unnecessary barriers which prevent homes being made available to those people who desperately need them' ‘The proportion of tenants who were UK nationals fell by 1 percentage point a year from 2009/10 to 2012/13 and remained static in 2013/14, whilst those from A8 countries has rsien slowly from 1 per cent in 2007/08 to 4 per cent in 2013/14,’ the document said. ‘A factor in this could be that since 2008/9, the list of A8 countries has expanded to include Bulgaria and Romania.’ A8 countries are Eastern European countries who joined the EU in 2004. They do not include Bulgaria and Romania, who joined later. A spokesman for the Local Government Association said: ‘It is in everyone’s interest to remove unnecessary barriers which prevent homes being made available to those people who desperately need them. ‘Councils are keen to play their part in this and could go further and faster to support the development of badly needed new homes if Government gave councils greater financial flexibility.’ Housing minister Brandon Lewis said that the figures would fall next year after new measures introduced by the government. ‘These figures do not take account of the new guidance we’ve put in place to ensure councils are completely clear about who they have given social homes to, so communities can be confident they are not losing out,’ he said. ‘For years families suffered the blatant unfairness of watching as people with no job or connection to the local area were given council homes. Under this Government new rules make crystal clear that local people and members of the Armed Forces are at the front of the queue for council homes in their area. ‘As a result, I expect next year’s figures to change as councils put these rules into practice.’ By . Matt Chorley, MailOnline Political Editor . An independent Scotland would be blocked from joining the European Union if Alex Salmond ploughs ahead with his 'bonkers idea' of using the pound, it emerged tonight. Brussels chief Olli Rehn warned it 'would simply not be possible' to become an EU nation if Edinburgh did not have control of its own currency. Lib Dem Treasury minister Danny Alexander said the revelation meant an independent Scotland would have to choose between 'using the pound like Panama uses the dollar, or joining the EU'. Scroll down for video . Olli Rehn, the European Commissioner for Economic and Monetary Affairs and the Euro until July this year, warned it 'would simply not be possible' to become an EU nation if Edinburgh did not have control of its own currency . In his letter to Treasury minister Danny Alexander, Mr Rehn said a country wanting to join the EU would need to have an independent central bank and the 'will and expected capacity' to join the euro . Doubts about the currency Scotland would use if it leaves the UK have dominated the debate ahead of the independence referendum on September 18. Mr Salmond has insisted it would continue to use the pound, entering a currency union with the remaining countries in the Union. But Labour, the Tories and Lib Dems have all ruled out the plan, making it impossible whoever wins next year's Westminister general election. In a speech tonight Mr Alexander released details of a letter from Mr Rehn, who spent a decade as a European Commissioner, including four years as European Commissioner for Economic and Monetary Affairs and the Euro until July this year. Mr Rehn insisted that any country which wants to join the EU must be 'committed' to the Economic and Monetary Union of the EU. It means they must have the 'will and expected capacity to meet the convergence criteria of euro membership in due course' as well as their own independent central bank. But if Scotland is using the pound governed from London, it will not have control of bits own currency. Mr Rehn added: 'As to the question whether 'sterlingisation' were compatible with EU membership, the answer is that this would simply not be possible, since that would obviously imply a situation where the candidate country concerned would not have a monetary authority of its own and thus no necessary instruments of the EMU.' Lib Dem Treasury minister Danny Alexander said the revelation meant an independent Scotland would have to choose between 'using the pound like Panama uses the dollar, or joining the EU' The revelation from a senior Eurocrat will be seized on by opponents of independence as proof Scotland would be cut adrift from Europe if Mr Salmond goes it alone. In a speech to Chatham House this evening on Scotland's place in the world, Mr Alexander said: 'No country has ever joined the EU while using only the currency of another country at the point of accession. 'Today we learn that that option is incompatible with EU Membership. 'So an independent Scotland would face a simple choice – using the pound like Panama uses the dollar, or joining the EU. 'It can't have both. This shows yet again the nationalists failure to put forward a credible currency plan and the dangers it poses to the people of Scotland.' First Minister Alex Salmond, on a visit to the Eden Brewery in Guardbridge, near St Andrews in Fife, said the latest polls were 'very encouraging' The latest YouGov poll shows a sharp narrowing in the lead for the No campaign ahead of the independence referendum on September 18 . The Yes campaign is now just six points behind in the battle for independence, suggesting Alex Salmond has the momentum . It marks an escalation in the bitter row over the future of the Scottish currency, with Mr Salmond toasting a 'very encouraging' opinion poll which shows the gap between the Yes and No campaigns has narrowed to just six points. Support for the Yes vote has surged following the First Minister's triumph in last week's TV debate against former Chancellor Alistair Darling, leader of the Better Together campaign. The YouGov survey for The Times and The Sun showed 48 per cent plan to vote No, 42 per cent back the Yes campaign and 10 per cent remain undecided. They are now to ballot members on taking industrial action short of a strike. Health Minister Simon Hamilton said the majority of health care workers, including nurses, would receive a one-off payment. The 1% increase would equate to about £300 for most. The RCN has said the increase should be added to salaries as has been the case in other parts of the UK. It said nurses in Northern Ireland are worse off than their counterparts in England and Scotland. However, the health minister has said it is a fair deal. Following Monday's meeting, Janice Smyth, director of the Royal College of Nursing in Northern Ireland, said: "Board members considered the imposed pay award, the manner in which the Minister made this announcement and the tone of the announcement. "They have considered the views and opinions expressed by members who contacted the RCN over the weekend, and taken account of the detail of the Minister's announcement." She added: "Today, members of the RCN Northern Ireland board voted unanimously to consult RCN council seeking authorisation to ballot RCN members in Northern Ireland in relation to the imposed pay award announced by the minister and taking industrial action short of strike action." For the health minister this is about the best allocation of scarce resources, for nursing unions it's about fairness and recognition of hard working health care staff. The pay settlement announced by the minister last Friday afternoon falls far short of what the unions wanted. It sets out a 1% rise for the 60% of health care staff who are at the top of their pay band. That rise is non-consolidated, which means it is effectively a one-off bonus which won't necessarily be added into next year's pay. The 1% payment will equate to around £300 for most, with a maximum of £985. The other 40% of staff who aren't at the top of their pay band, will get their normal annual incremental rise. This will on average be 3.7% rise which will equate to a minimum of £1,588. The unions want the 1% rise to be consolidated, meaning it would increase annual salaries and wouldn't be a one off payment. This has been the case in Scotland. However, Mr Hamilton said his officials had sought to engage with union leaders on a 2015-16 settlement since 4 January 2015. "I would have preferred an agreed settlement but when I met recently with trade union representatives they unfortunately remained unwilling to move beyond seeking to reopen last year's settlement despite it having being paid into people's accounts many months ago and with their union colleagues across the water having moved ahead and focused on 2015-16," he said. "The pay demands made by the trade unions would cost my department's budget close to £40m and are simply unaffordable in current circumstances." The RCN had already decided to ballot members on industrial action short of a strike later this month. Syrian government forces overran an opposition stronghold in the central city of Homs on Thursday, raising concerns about the safety of the civilians still trapped there and exposing the limitations of the fledgling armed resistance movement that has sprung up to confront the Syrian regime in recent months. Opposition activists in Homs said troops were moving through the Bab Amr neighborhood detaining all males older than 15 , even as world powers at the United Nations issued a nonbinding Security Council resolution calling for immediate humanitarian access to the stricken area. With all communications to Bab Amr severed, including satellite connections, it was difficult to ascertain exactly what was happening. But though the rebel Free Syrian Army cast the pullout as a tactical withdrawal, all the available evidence pointed to a rout of the fighters, who had seized control of the neighborhood months ago and turned it into a nationwide symbol of the burgeoning armed rebellion against the regime led by President Bashar al-Assad. The speed with which Syrian forces seized control of the neighborhood — less than 36 hours — after a 27-day siege during which the area was subjected to almost-uninterrupted artillery bombardment, focused attention on the increasingly controversial question of whether outside powers should arm the Syrian opposition. Col. Malik al-Kurdi, a Free Syrian Army spokesman reached by telephone in Turkey, appealed for weapons, saying that only the force of arms could bring down the Assad regime and protect the civilians who have been demonstrating for nearly a year to end four decades of Assad family rule. “Our light and limited weapons cannot confront the tanks and rockets of the regime,” Kurdi said. Saudi Arabia and Qatar have in recent days declared support for arming the Free Syrian Army. But the United States remains opposed, amid concerns about the nature of the deeply divided Syrian opposition and the risk of a regionwide conflagration should a full-scale civil war erupt. The retreat from Bab Amr also called into question the capacity of the disorganized rebel movement to confront one of the region’s most powerful armies, even if weapons do begin to flow. The fighters are equipped only with Kalashnikovs and rocket-propelled grenades seized from the regular army or smuggled across Syria’s borders. “The Free Syrian Army don’t have heavy weapons, and without them I’m not sure they can survive,” said Mulham Jundi, a member of the opposition Syrian National Council who is in hiding in Homs. A statement issued by the Free Syrian Army said its fighters had withdrawn out of consideration for the welfare of the 4,000 civilians trapped in the neighborhood, and because they lacked sufficient weaponry to withstand a stepped-up ground offensive by the better-armed government troops. In a statement posted on a Facebook page run by Bab Amr activists, the rebels cited dire conditions in the area and called on the Red Cross to be allowed to deliver humanitarian aid. “We, the Bab Amr brigade, have decided to strategically withdraw for the sake of the civilians remaining inside the neighborhood,” the statement said. “The humanitarian situation is at its worst, as there is no food whatsoever, no medicines, no water and no electricity.” Activists in Homs said, however, that the rebels began fleeing overnight Wednesday when they ran out of ammunition as government ground forces closed in on the neighborhood. Food ran out days ago, the water supply is cut off and fuel has dried up, leaving residents freezing as snow falls and activists are unable to power the laptops and satellite phones they had used to stay in touch with the outside world. “Following a month of heavy bombardment and shelling from tanks, rockets, mortars and all kinds of heavy weapons, the Free Syrian Army could not hold on longer,” Kurdi, the spokesman, said. Government tanks and artillery pounded areas through which the rebels fled, and many are feared to have died in the bombardments. A group of 17 men was intercepted as they sought to escape through an area of farmland adjoining Bab Amr; they were reportedly beheaded. The Local Coordination Committees, an opposition group, said it had confirmed the deaths of 26 people in Homs on Thursday, but the count did not include those who may have been killed in Bab Amr and its immediate surroundings. Jundi, the activist contacted in Homs, said fleeing residents had told him that all males in the neighborhood were being detained in a mass arrest campaign. Activists said they feared for the safety of everyone left behind. “We are very concerned about the civilians because the history of this regime means they are likely to kill everyone who is there,” said Wissam Tarif, a Beirut-based activist with the advocacy group Avaaz. The International Committee of the Red Cross said it had been granted permission by the Syrian government to deliver humanitarian aid on Friday. But a spokesman in the United States, Simon Schorno, cautioned that the organization would have to assess the security situation before deciding whether it was safe to send in a team. The U.N. Security Council’s call for “immediate, full and unimpeded access” to Bab Amr and other areas subjected to the government crackdown did not carry the full force of a resolution, but it was nonetheless significant because Russia and China, which have blocked past efforts to sanction Syria at the United Nations, signed onto it. Activists vowed that the fall of Bab Amr would not spell an end to the uprising, which erupted in mid-March as a spontaneous outpouring of resentment against decades of dictatorial rule only to be confronted by a massive crackdown. The focus on Bab Amr has detracted attention from many other areas of the country that are also in open revolt and are enduring government attacks, said Rami Jarrah, a Syrian who fled the crackdown in Damascus last fall and helps run the Activist News Association in Cairo. “The Syrian government, due to its brutality, has the upper hand,” he said. “This is a setback, but it does not at all mean the downfall of the revolution. That, I am sure, is mission impossible.” Syrian state television trumpeted the seizure of Bab Amr, which the government said had been taken over by “terrorists,” by broadcasting footage of Assad supporters streaming through the battered streets in convoys of vehicles. The official Syrian Arab News Agency also said that the authorities had recovered the corpses of two journalists killed in the neighborhood during a rocket bombardment last week. The bodies of American journalist Marie Colvin, who worked for Britain’s Sunday Times, and Remi Ochlik, a French photographer, were found and will be transferred to a Damascus hospital, the agency said. However, SANA said the body of a third journalist, Javier Espinosa, who is alive and has left Syria, was also found, calling into question the reliability of the report. A videotape released earlier by activists had shown the bodies of Colvin and Ochlik being buried in an undisclosed location in Homs. French officials said Thursday that two French journalists, Edith Bouvier and William Daniels, who had been trapped in Homs for several days, had made their way out of the country and were in Beirut. Staff writers Karen DeYoung and Carol Morello in Washington and Colum Lynch in New York contributed to this report. ||||| Syrian opposition forces said they were making a "tactical retreat" from a besieged district in Homs following a punishing, month-long military assault. The anti-government fighters said on Thursday that they were running out of weapons and humanitarian conditions were catastrophic. After days of appeals from humanitarian groups, the Syrian government has reportedly granted permission to the International Committee of the Red Cress to operate in Bab Amr on Friday. Hisham Hassan, a Red Cross spokesman, told the Associated Press news agency on Thursday that the aid group recieved a "green light" to bring in emergency supplies and carry out evacuations of civilians affected by the governments attacks. As the offensive on the central city of Homs intensified, Syria's main opposition group formed a military council to organize the armed resistance and funnel weapons to rebels, a sign of how deeply militarized the conflict has become over the past year as Syria veers closer to a civil war. The Bab Amr rebels brigade said they were pulling out to spare some 4,000 civilians who insisted on staying in their homes. They said the decision was based on "worsening humanitarian conditions, lack of food and medicine and water, electricity and communication cuts as well as shortages in weapons". Hundreds killed Homs is Syria's third-largest city with about 1 million people. Before the revolt began, activists estimated 100,000 people lived in Bab Amr. But many have fled over the past year and the population is believed to be much reduced. The siege of Bab Amr has been among the deadliest of the uprising. Rebels had held the area for several months, but in early February, regime forces surrounded the neighborhood and began firing tank shells that slammed into homes and killed hundreds of people. Many of the wounded could not reach doctors, forcing residents to set up makeshift clinics for crowds of bloodied victims. The relentless attacks disrupted electricity, Internet and telephone services. Burhan Ghalioun, head of the opposition Syrian National Council, told a news conference in Paris that rebels have relocated from some areas but said the resistance in Bab Amr "is still strong". It was not immediately clear what escape route the rebels used. Communication with residents in the district was difficult. Electricity and phone lines have been cut off, and an activist from the Syrian Network for Human Rights told Al Jazeera that the government was using a new technology to jam satellite phone signals. Before the retreat was announced, Rami Abdul-Rahman, head of the British-based activist group Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, said there was "fierce fighting" at the entrances to Bab Amr. Opposition military In response to the worsening crackdown, the Syrian National Council, the largest opposition body, said it had formed a "military bureau" to organise the armed resistance against Assad. The SNC said it wanted to funnel arms to rebel fighters in the country through the bureau. Army defectors are operating clandestinely in Damascus "We know that some countries have expressed a desire to arm the revolutionaries. The SNC, via its military bureau, wanted to organise this flow to avoid direct arms deliveries from particular countries," president Burhan Ghalioun said in Paris. Al Jazeera's Nisreen el-Shamayleh, reporting from Jordan, said the SNC wanted to ensure it would supervise the arms supply and that the rebels were not armed haphazardly. Samir al-Taqi, a former adviser to Assad, said he believed the president was probably getting most of his advice from the security apparatus and believed he could "decapitate the political opposition". But he said the opposition seemed to be coming together. "We have to understand that the uprising is a movement from bottom up and what is happening now in Syria is thousands and thousands of people are just pushed [into] the political arena. That's why they are for diversified or fragmented," Taqi told Al Jazeera. 'Disappointment' with Russia The Syrian government's diplomatic isolation continued to grow with Switzerland and the United Kingdom both announcing the closure of their embassies. William Hague, the United Kingdom's foreign minister, said British diplomats were being withdrawn from Syria for "security reasons". Meanwhile, foreign ministers from Gulf countries planned to "express their disappointment" with Russia's stance on Syria during a meeting next week in Riyadh, the Saudi Arabian capital, with the Russian foreign minister, the Kuwaiti foreign minister said on Thursday. Sabah Khaled al-Sabah spoke at an emergency session of the newly elected Kuwaiti parliament called to discuss the escalating crackdown. Russia and China have twice wielded vetoes in the United Nations Security Council to block UN support for Arab League plans to usher a transition from Assad's rule. Sabah said that Gulf nations would "call on Russia to take a position that will meet the aspirations of the Syrian people." The United Nations Human Rights Council also condemned Syria for widespread violations that it said may amount to crimes against humanity and called for a halt to attacks against civilians. The 47-member forum, holding an urgent debate, voted by 37 states in favour and three against, including China and Russia. The resolution was brought by Gulf countries. There were three abstentions, and four delegations did not take part in the vote. Syria was not present. ||||| Sinitta has finally set the record straight about the 'heartbreaking' abortion she and Simon Cowell went through together in the 1980s. After a week which has seen her launch a number of extraordinary rants regarding the pair's relationship via her Twitter page, the 49-year-old singer has opened up about the termination that left she and the music mogul utterly 'devastated'. The So Macho hitmaker dismissed reports claiming the incident happened behind the back of the 53-year-old television boss, explaining that on the contrary, it was something that they mutually decided when they were 'both young'. 'Devastating': Sinitta has finally set the record straight about the 'heartbreaking' abortion she and Simon Cowell went through together in the 1980s . News of the abortion originally broke last month, when Sinitta revealed the tragic news to The Mirror. However, Sinitta later said that the publication didn't give her the opportunity to 'defend' her decision, as well as denying suggestions that the termination took place as recently as 2009. Sinitta added that she made the decision to have an abortion because she was already aware of health issues that meant she was unable to 'carry a child full term'. Speaking in an interview with The Sun, Sinitta said: 'Simon was very concerned and by my side. It was upsetting and it was something very difficult that we dealt with together.' Simon and Sinitta dated on and off for 20 years, but the mother-of-two admitted the termination wasn't something they discussed regularly throughout their friendship. In happier times: The 49-year-old singer has opened up about the termination that left she and the music mogul utterly 'devastated' Firm friends: Cowell and Sinitta dated on and off for twenty years after meeting in the 1980s . The 80s pop star explained . she helped to deal with her loss by getting a puppy, but that didn't . stop her still longing to have a child with the X Factor boss. She added: 'I have always admitted I wanted to marry him and have children with him - not just because I love him, but because I thought it would be good for him.' Simon is now expecting a child with his American socialite girlfriend, Lauren Silverman, while Sinitta adopted Magdalena, eight, and Zac, seven, with her ex-husband Andy Willner. However, Sinitta confessed she was both 'shocked and surprised' when Simon called her to break the news that he was set to be a father earlier this year. Daddy to be: The 53-year-old star is now expecting his first child with American socialite Lauren Silverman, something which Sinitta admitted 'worried' her initially . She told The Sun's Colin Robertson: 'I was stunned and taken aback, surprised. I was worried about him because he never wanted to have kids and now this was happening. I thought it was a problem initially.' Sinitta admitted seeing him happy with Lauren has been a 'big adjustment', particularly as she used to consider the 36-year-old brunette as 'like a sister' to her. But she explained the two women had a chat at Simon's villa in the South of France in August to smooth things over once and for all. She added: 'She's in love with him,and he's in love with her. I'm happy for them and I mean that.' Close friends: Simon and Sinitta dated on and off for 20 years and have remained extremely close ever since . Despite stating that she still loves her former flame, Sinitta insisted she is no longer 'in love' with Simon and wishes the couple 'happiness' for the next 'fascinating' stage of their life together. Earlier this week, the singer appealed directly to ITV host Jeremy Kyle, offering to take a lie detector test live on air to apparently prove her allegations regarding Simon and their unborn child. Launching another extraordinary rant on her Twitter page, Sinitta said: 'Jeremy kyle, I know I declined your celebrity chat, but I'd love to do your show PROVIDED you provide a lie detection device.. #thisHAStoEnd. Bumping along nicely: Pregnant Lauren headed out for a bite to eat at Il Cielo restaurant in Beverly Hills, California, on Thursday . Tom Ford Jennifer shoulder bag . Big enough to fit nappies! Visit site . Despite Lauren Silverman wearing cut off denim shorts and a casual checked shirt, she's really much more of an upper east side lady. Much more Hamptons than Hull. So it's no surprise that her go-to hand bag is this very high end Tom Ford Jennifer shoulder bag. It is a beauty though isn't it. A sturdy strap, fold over zip section and relaxed slouchy shape make this the perfect winter holdall. She can fit all her essentials in there - lipstick, wallet, Simon' Cowell's cheque book... and when the time comes this will be the most stylish nappy bag ever. At this time of year it's nice to swap your summer bag out for a more sober and classic black shoulder bag. Forget backpacks and cross body, if you want to channel sophisticated, New York chic then this is the only style to go for. It will look great with everything, from shorts like Lauren to a smart work ensemble. Tom Ford bags are annoyingly not available over here so we have to head to the states - perhaps a shopping trip to NYC is in order but you can check out Lauren's bag by clicking through to Neiman Marcus (right) or go for a budget option from our alternative styles below. River Island slouch shoulder bag . Visit site . Fiorelli Laurie bag at Asos . Visit site . Est 1969 bag at New Look (now reduced to £30) Visit site . Marc by Marc Jacobs Q bag at Selfridges . Visit site . 'A "testimony" is when you tell your story "warts and all" in church or to a group of people, to show your journey from "lost" to "found"...' The following day, Sinitta took to her Twitter page to post the definition of the word harem, writing: '"Harem". ;- a Group of women kept together for the purpose of having sex with one man...' On this occasion, Sinitta was of course referring to the group of women made up of Cowell's exes - including Mezhgan Hussainy, Jackie St Clair and Terri Seymour - who regularly enjoy lavish holidays with the music mogul. A representative for Simon Cowell has been contacted by MailOnline. That's what friends are for: The 36-year-old beauty embraced her girlfriends as they arrived at the eatery for their lunch date . While abortion is a harrowing . experience for most women, doctors said the procedure is no more . damaging to a patient's mental health than continuing the pregnancy. The Academy of Medical Royal Colleges published the world's largest, most comprehensive and systematic review of abortion and women's mental health two years ago. Tracey . McNeill, Vice President and Director UK and Europe at Marie Stopes . International said: 'We welcome the findings of this review. It . reinforces our belief – based on all previous evidence and our . experience treating 66,000 women a year – that having an abortion has no . greater effect on a woman’s mental health than continuing with the . pregnancy.' Close: Sinitta explained she considered Lauren to be like a 'sister' to her, but was 'shocked' to hear of her pregnancy . By . Mia De Graaf . PUBLISHED: . 06:58 EST, 28 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 10:17 EST, 28 December 2013 . This is the moment an arsonist tried to burn down a convenience store - but caught his foot as well. Captured on CCTV, the man is seen creeping into Supps R Us in Melbourne, Australia, clutching a jerrycan at 4am on Boxing Day. The bizarre footage shows him running to the back of the warehouse out of view - before leaping wildly towards the door, his left leg ablaze. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . A man holding a jerrycan is seen entering Supps R Us in Melbourne, Australia, at 4.10am on Boxing Day . The man runs to the back of the warehouse wearing all black before disappearing from view . As the camera screen clouds up, the man can still be seen stamping his foot and twisting around. The outside camera then captures him wildly hopping all the way down the street. Police have released images of the CCTV and issued an appeal for information. Supps . R Us today tweeted: 'LOOKING FOR A MAN IN MELBOURNE WITH BURNS TO HIS . LEFT LEG. Call Crime Stoppers if you have any information!' Blunder: Moments later he hurtles back into view, ablaze, as the entire store begins to fill up with smoke . The bizarre footage that ensues shows the man twisting manically, trying to stamp out his handy work . Eventually he decides to bound towards the door, hopping and stamping . Fire crews called to the site at . 4.20am spent an hour fighting the flames, which were continually . refuelled by exploding bottles. But they were unable to save the shop, which burned to the ground. Neighbouring buildings were also damaged. A spokesman for the store, Nelli Huie, said the fire had destroyed the entire stock of supplements stored at the warehouse. The flames are still burning as he reaches the door and makes his way down the street . Here he is seen fleeing the building with his foot still alight. Five fire crews who arrived minutes later spent an hour battling the flames but were unable to save the shop, which burned to the ground . 'The warehouse and all stock within it has been destroyed, however, much of the showroom remains intact,' she said. No staff were at the factory at the time of the fire. Ms Huie thanked fire crews for their 'enormous effort' to contain and extinguish the fire. In a statement, the company said: 'We wish to thank all of our loyal customers for all of their support, and we will be back up and running in no time.' PUBLISHED: . 15:03 EST, 6 January 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:40 EST, 6 January 2013 . Elvis Presley impersonators are far from lonesome tonight after gathering from around Europe in the hope of being crowned The King. The wannabe rock and roll idols have spent the past three days trying to leave judges all shook up by strutting their sequined stuff at the European Elvis Championships. The 72 pelvis-swivelling competitors arrived at the Hilton Meterople Hotel in Birmingham and have been trying hard not to step on each other's toes - let alone their blue suede shoes. Tribute: Elvis impersonators from around Europe are hoping to be crowned The King . Looking good: Birmingham's Carl Ryder (left) and Manchester's Steve Storm make their final costume checks . All shook up: Finalist Patrick Byrne, from Essex, fights off the nerves ahead of tonight's performance . The annual contest - the largest of its kind in Europe - is held close to Elvis' birthday on January 8 and is in its 10th year. It celebrates the musical and cultural icon who died at the age of 42, on August 16, 1977. The grand final is taking place tonight, with 20 competitors making it through to the live sing-off. The winner will be awarded the title of best act, a cash prize and trip for two to Memphis, Tennessee, where the iconic singer lived from the age of 13. All ages: Andrejus Rascinski, nine, from Birmingham, waits to perform during the under-14 category . Rock and roll idol: Andrejus Rascinski was one of 72 impersonators taking part in the contest . Singing stars: John Paul Melling, six, also known as Johnny B Goode from Billinge, waits to take the stage . They will also receive a specially made jumpsuit by the designers who tailored Elvis' elaborate outfits . Organiser Michael King, from North Wales, said the competitors have come from all over the UK and as far afield as Austria, Italy, France, Hungary and Germany. Mr King, who has himself been paying tribute to Elvis with a theatre show for the last 20 years, said the event was a chance to pay homage to the world renowned artist. 'I think first and foremost there was only one Elvis," he said. 'He was a one-off, his music stands the test of time. Competition: Patrick Byrne, Nicky Vegas and Andy Wood (left to right) were among the hopefuls . Popular: With more than 70 acts, they did well not to step on each other's toes let alone blue suede shoes . Limelight: Carl Ryder, from Birmingham, takes his turn to shine as The King . 'There's so many different things, so many different facets to Elvis, and his musical career. 'There really is something for everyone. He is loved the world over.' The standard of the tribute acts competing, some of whom are professional impersonators and spend thousands on their stage outfits, was so uncanny it was almost like the King had returned, he added. 'He is certainly here in spirit,' Mr King said. Also included in the weekend is an under-14s competition, a gospel competition, live bands, Elvis showcases, Elvis merchandise, Elvis disco, Elvis video, and a novice contest. Viva Las Vegas: Finalist Nicky Vegas, from Hinckley, prepares to perform this evening . Icon: A memorabilia stall at the European Elvis Championships is rarely short on customers . Famous face: Elvis lovers can make sure they are reminded of their man during a coffee break . Nasa has released a series of photos taken from space of the desert in Kazakhstan, in a bid to help unlock the secrets of a prehistoric settlement. The site in the Turgai region of northern Kazakhstan is unremarkable from the ground: a vast empty steppe, with little evidence of human habitation. But seen from 430 miles above ground, the 8,000-year-old shapes begin to take the form of man-made constructions. The photos show at least 260 different earthworks — mounds, trenches and ramparts — which make up five basic shapes; among them a circle and a swastika. When the images were first spotted in 2007, on Google Earth, wild rumours circulated that the sites were designed by Nazis or even aliens. “ I was worried this was a hoax ,” said Ronald LaPorte, an emeritus professor of epidemiology at Pittsburgh who noticed a report about the findings last year, while researching diseases in Kazakhstan. But he became increasingly fascinated by the findings, and determined to speak to Dmitriy Dey, the Kazakh geologist who first spotted the site after watching a documentary about ancient sites, and wondering whether his own country had such areas. In 2013 scientists found a mysterious pentagram symbol in Kazakhstan - sparking speculation that it was something to do with a cult. But it is now believed to have been created as a Soviet theme park, long since abandoned. The Turgai site, however, has been far more complex to fathom. The two men worked to publicise the find, and enlist the help of Nasa. Photo: Nasa “I’ve never seen anything like this; I found it remarkable,” said Compton Tucker, a senior biospheric scientist for Nasa in Washington who provided the archived images, taken by the satellite contractor DigitalGlobe, to Mr Dey and The New York Times. It is now hoped that the detailed images will enable greater research into the site. Mr Dey said he does not think they were ever intended to be seen from the air. Instead he believes that the figures built along straight lines on elevations were “horizontal observatories to track the movements of the rising sun.” His research suggests that the Mahandzhar culture, a Stone Age tribe living in the region from 7,000 BC to 5,000 BC, could have created some of the the older structures. Photo: Nasa But scientists have been surprised by the idea that a nomadic population would have stayed in one place for the time required to fell and lay timber for ramparts, and to dig out lake bed sediments to construct the huge mounds - originally six to 10 feet high, and now three feet high and nearly 40 feet across. “The idea that foragers could amass the numbers of people necessary to undertake large-scale projects — like creating the Kazakhstan geoglyphs — has caused archaeologists to deeply rethink the nature and timing of sophisticated large-scale human organization as one that predates settled and civilized societies,” said Persis Clarkson, an archaeologist at the University of Winnipeg, who viewed some of Mr Dey’s images. “Everything is linked through the cult of the sun,” Mr Dey told The New York Times. He now hopes to create an operations centre at the site, for further research. “We cannot dig up all the mounds. That would be counterproductive,” he said. “We need modern technologies, like they have in the West.” ||||| NASA is best known for solving the mysteries of space, millions of miles from our home planet. It’s now joined the investigation into some very strange and very old earthbound formations in northern Kazakhstan, the New York Times reported (paywall). These huge formations—called the Steppe Geoglyphs—were first discovered on Google Earth by Dmitriy Dey, an amateur archaeologist, in 2007. Since then, Dey has found about 260 of the land designs—which resemble crop circles, but are much stranger. Archaeologists don’t know what they are or who built them, but they estimate that the oldest is 8,000 years old. Bestamskoe Ring Dey’s research was apparently convincing enough to persuade NASA to help figure out what these things are. NASA’s satellite images (taken by contracter DigitalGlobe) of the formations are the first time they’ve been photographed from space. NASA has also directed the astronauts on the International Space Station to start photographing the region, so perhaps look out for new photos on Scott Kelly’s Instagram in the coming weeks. The geoglyphs—formed by man-made mounds, divots, trenches, and banks—come in a variety of shapes. One of them, called the Bestamskoe Ring, is a circle made up of dozens of smaller circles. Another, named Ushtogaysky Square, is 810,000 square feet—each 900-foot side is as long as an aircraft carrier—with an X-shape through the middle. The weirdest of all, though, is the Turgai Swastika, which, you guessed it, resembles a swastika. (The swastika was a popular symbol long, long before the Nazis appropriated it.) DigitalGlobe/NASA Turgai Swastika Thousands of years ago, the northern region of Kazakhstan offered rich hunting grounds for nomadic Stone Age tribes. (Ushtogaysky Square, the largest of the formations, sits close to a known Neolithic settlement.) The problem is, the formations would have taken far longer to build than how long historians currently believe these tribes stayed in one place. “The idea that foragers could amass the numbers of people necessary to undertake large-scale projects—like creating the Kazakhstan geoglyphs—has caused archaeologists to deeply rethink the nature and timing of sophisticated large-scale human organization as one that predates settled and civilized societies,” Persis B. Clarkson, an archaeologist at the University of Winnipeg, told the Times. Dey dismisses theories that aliens are behind them—he believes the elevated straight lines on the geoglyphs were “horizontal observatories to track the movements of the rising sun.” That would make them a close cousin to structures like Stonehenge, and the recently discovered “Superhenge,” which scientists also theorize may have been sun-related. ||||| High in the skies over Kazakhstan, space-age technology has revealed an ancient mystery on the ground. Satellite pictures of a remote and treeless northern steppe reveal colossal earthworks — geometric figures of squares, crosses, lines and rings the size of several football fields, recognizable only from the air and the oldest estimated at 8,000 years old. The largest, near a Neolithic settlement, is a giant square of 101 raised mounds, its opposite corners connected by a diagonal cross, covering more terrain than the Great Pyramid of Cheops. Another is a kind of three-limbed swastika, its arms ending in zigzags bent counterclockwise. Described last year at an archaeology conference in Istanbul as unique and previously unstudied, the earthworks, in the Turgai region of northern Kazakhstan, now number at least 260 — mounds, trenches and ramparts — arrayed in five basic shapes. ||||| All Blacks coach Steve Hansen has inadvertently created a storm of debate in rugby-mad New Zealand after declaring that winger Julian Savea is 'probably better' than former great Jonah Lomu. The 24-year-old Savea has previously tried to play down such comparisons, but Hansen's comments before the Rugby Championship clash with South Africa on Saturday have reignited the debate. Lomu, who burst onto the scene at the 1995 World Cup and arguably became rugby's first globally recognised player, was considered a freak because of his size and speed that created problems for opposition wingers. Steve Hansen created a storm in New Zealand by claiming Julian Savea is better than Jonah Lomu . Savea is marginally shorter -- he stands 1.92m tall to Lomu's 1.96m -- and lighter (107kg to 119kg), but it is the way in which they challenge defences and score tries that has been seen as the biggest similarity. Savea's strike rate, 27 tries in 27 tests is among the best in the world, while Lomu scored 37 tries in 63 tests. Lomu had scored 16 tries in his first 27 tests. Neither have scored a try against South Africa. Hansen, however, felt that Savea has a wider skill set than the barnstorming Lomu, who was afflicted with a kidney disease that greatly affected his career and forced him into a premature retirement. Julian Savea, pictured in action against Argentina in La Plata, has scored 27 tries in 27 tests for New Zealand . 'I think he's probably better (than Lomu)' Hansen told reporters in South Africa ahead of the match at Johannesburg's Ellis Park. 'He can do more things than Jonah. 'Jonah was a great player, but I think Julian has got more to his game to be honest and that's saying something. I genuinely believe that. 'He's very good going back, under the high ball, with the ball on the ground, as well as being a greater carrier so I think he's right up there.' New Zealand's Herald on Sunday rugby reporter Gregor Paul agreed with Hansen's assessment on Friday, listing several reasons why Savea was a better player than Lomu, mostly relating to his workrate and defensive capabilities. Jonah Lomu in action at the 1995 Rugby World Cup against Wales in South Africa . 'Savea has more game than Lomu. As devastating as Lomu was with the ball in hand, he did carry a liability factor on defence where he wasn't the quickest on the turn,' Paul wrote. 'Savea is a brutal head-on defender, he lines men up and smacks them down. He knows when to come off his wing looking to shut down attacks and he's agile enough to ensure he doesn't get beaten on the outside. 'Savea was prone to being a little lazy earlier in his career. But not now. He's good at getting off his wing and looking for work and injecting himself into the game. 'Lomu was good at that, too, especially at blasting into the midfield. But he wasn't as good or as eager to track back on defence and help out the other wing and fullback. 'Not in the way Savea does.' The report, by Professor John Drew, said the force missed opportunities to address the issue and senior officers prioritised other crimes. The 107-page review was commissioned by the region's Police and Crime Commissioner, Dr Alan Billings. Here, the BBC picks out some of the key figures behind the report. £60,000 Approximate cost of Professor John Drew's 107-page review into South Yorkshire Police 150 Number of people interviewed, including 72 current and former police officers and staff and 26 victims and survivors The Drew Review was commissioned by Dr Billings in 2015. Prof Drew said the "tight" budget meant the report cost "considerably less" than Professor Alexis Jay's report into Child Sexual Exploitation in Rotherham and Louise Casey's inspection of Rotherham Borough Council, but he had been able to draw extensively on both reports. He said: "While a review of this sort is not a luxury that can be avoided, it is nevertheless an event where costs need to be carefully balanced against other priorities." Combined, the Jay and Casey reports interviewed more than 300 people in relation to CSE in Rotherham alone. 2,139 Number of referrals identified as potential child sexual exploitation since 2013 664 Number of recorded offences identified as potential child sexual exploitation since 2013 Prof Drew said referrals had more than doubled since 2013, from 437 to 911, "most likely because of the success of awareness building". The number of offences identified include 194 of rape and attempted rape, 151 of causing or inciting sexual activity and 135 of sexual activity with a child. The conversion of referrals into identified offences illustrates the scale of the challenge facing South Yorkshire Police and its partners in combating child sexual exploitation. 11 Recommendations made in Prof Drew's review, including; - Create a new Action Plan for dealing with child sexual exploitation; - Review intelligence gathering arrangements to ensure it is handled "promptly and appropriately"; - Standardise procedure for dealing with investigations. Making his 11 recommendations Prof Drew noted that the force had made "determined progress since 2013" for which it deserved "considerable credit". He said: "In the main, the task for the police now is to maintain that trajectory of advance, particularly in its attempts to get contact with victims and survivors right first time. "However, I believe there are some refinements that could be made that would enable the force to build on this improvement." The club are hoping to obtain a cricket-style ''super-sopper'' after Saturday's home game with Barnet was abandoned at half-time because of a water-logged pitch. Newport manager Warren Feeney revealed the matter is being discussed. "It cannot keep happening," said Feeney. "Obviously with Rodney Parade we are tenants, so I am sure a lot of discussions will be going on with them over the next couple of weeks.'' A ''super-sopper'' is a rolling device that absorbs excess surface water and the Exiles believe it could help with a problem which has dogged them for the past few seasons. Feeney added: ''You have to give yourselves every chance. If Glamorgan cricket can do us a favour, why not? 'We want to play football, we want to get it on. We don't want to be playing catch up. That is a game we are owed already.'' Championship outfit Cardiff City used the "super-sopper" last season after encountering problems with the surface at their Cardiff City Stadium home. By . Damien Gayle . PUBLISHED: . 14:34 EST, 7 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:36 EST, 7 February 2013 . Dinosaurs vanished earlier than previously thought and 'within a gnat's eyebrow' of the cataclysmic meteor impact blamed for their extinction, say scientists. Corrected dates for both events suggest they occurred almost at the same time, around 66million years ago. Previous studies indicated that the impact pre-dated the death of the dinosaurs by as much as 300,000 years. Previous studies suggested that a cataclysmic meteor pre-dated the death of dinosaurs by as much as 300,000 years - but new research shows they occurred within 33,000 years of each other . The disaster was probably the 'final straw' for the dinosaurs but may not have been the only reason the reptiles which ruled the world for more than 150million years died out, scientists believe. A 110-mile crater in the Caribbean off the coast of Mexico marks the spot where a six-mile-wide object, either an asteroid or comet, smashed into the Earth. Clues to the event remain in the form of iridium-enriched dust, glassy spheres and shocked quartz that was spread around the planet. Scientists used new radioactive dating techniques to determine both the date of the impact and that of the dinosaurs' extinction. The research, published in the journal Science, shows they occurred within 33,000 years of each other. A 110-mile crater in the Caribbean off the coast of Mexico marks the spot where a six-mile-wide object, either an asteroid or comet, smashed into the Earth . Lead scientist Professor Paul Renne, from the University of California at Berkeley, U.S., said: 'The impact was clearly the final straw that pushed Earth past the tipping point. 'We have shown that these events are synchronous to within a gnat's eyebrow, and therefore the impact clearly played a major role in extinctions, but it probably wasn't just the impact.' Dramatic climate fluctuations over the previous million years, including long cold snaps, may have brought many creatures to the brink of extinction before the meteor struck, he said. 'These precursory phenomena made the global ecosystem much more sensitive to even small triggers, so that what otherwise might have been a fairly minor effect shifted the ecosystem into a new state,' Prof Renne added. 'The impact was the coup de grace.' The researchers also concluded that the Earth's atmospheric carbon cycle returned to normal within about 5,000 years of the impact. In contrast, it took between one and two million years for the oceans to recover. The interactive transcript could not be loaded. Rating is available when the video has been rented. This feature is not available right now. Please try again later. ||||| A screenshot of a computer screen on which Jackson, Miss., rapper Lonnie "Lil Lonnie" Taylor, left, talks about being interviewed by 50 Cent. Taylor was fatally shot Sunday, April 29, 2018, in Jackson, Miss. (Photo: The (Jackson, Miss.) Clarion Ledger) JACKSON, Miss. — Mississippi rapper Lonnie "Lil Lonnie" Taylor was one of two people killed during a bloody night in the Mississippi capital. Two others were injured in three separate shooting incidents during a 24-hour period. Hours after posting a picture of himself on Instagram and Snapchat, Taylor, 22, was dead Sunday night in Jackson, Miss., his hometown. He was shot multiple times as he drove his SUV. His car stopped when it crashed into a home. The female passenger in his car was not injured. The Jackson Police Department said no suspects had been identified. There was no known motive either. Taylor had big plans for the money he planned to make as an up-and-coming artist. More: Neville Brothers saxophonist Charles Neville dies at 79 More: 'Schoolhouse Rock' composer and musician Bob Dorough dies at 94 "Let's say you get a mega check, what would you purchase with that first mega check?" he was asked in a December interview. “I want to be the next icon people look up to. I want to motivate others around from where I'm from because not too many get the recognition I do, and I just want to bring that impact to where I'm from and help people out.” Lonnie 'Lil Lonnie' Taylor "I'd buy a house," said Taylor. "I'd buy a house for my family." Taylor's 2015 song Colors put him on the map nationally. In that December interview, Taylor talked about the day he appeared in what the interviewer called a "big mega sit-down with two legends of the business." He spoke to Jack Thriller and 50 Cent. He said he followed the advice they gave him that pushed his career spiraling skyward. "Careerwise everything has been going, so I took that advice and I ran with it," he said. "Keep the ground consistent, keep moving around, make my face a presence everywhere." During the interview, he was asked who he signed with to put a billboard up in Jackson, with the interviewer asking whether he was selling drugs. "I don't do none of that," Taylor responded. "I've got morals that I stand by," he said later in the interview when asked whether he could relate to some of the things going on among people his age today. More: Avicii, electronic dance music DJ, found dead in Oman at 28 More: Yvonne Staples of Staples Singers siblings dies at 80 He wasn't interested in the game on the streets, he said in the December interview. He was taking care of his father, he said. His mother had died when he was young, and he was helping out his four siblings financially. The music made it possible. Taylor said he was influenced by Baton Rouge rapper Lil Boosie, and that he had gotten similar advice from him as he received from 50 Cent — stay consistent with his music. "I want to be the next icon people look up to. I want to motivate others around from where I'm from because not too many get the recognition I do, and I just want to bring that impact to where I'm from and help people out," he said. "I'm willing to open the door to everybody." His advice to aspiring musicians? "Keep running. Chase your dreams," he said. His friends mourned him on social media as his followers and fans all over the country grieved with them. "(Taylor) was always 100% since them callaway days! The whole city hurt behind this one," posted Instagram user DukeSuave1. "RIP big bro," posted Instagram account dionn2o4. "can’t believe they took u like that g." Contributing: The Associated Press. Follow Therese Apel on Twitter: @TRex21 Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2HCcfBw ||||| JACKSON, Miss. (AP) — Police in Jackson say a rapper has died after someone shot into the vehicle he was driving and it hit the front of a house. Jackson police Sgt. Roderick Holmes says the shooting happened Sunday night, killing 22-year-old Lonnie Taylor of Jackson. News outlets report that Taylor's stage name is Lil Lonnie. He has several videos online. Holmes says a woman in the vehicle with Taylor was not injured. Lonnie was a fan of music ever since his older brother, Lorenzo Taylor, and friends introduced him to hip-hop culture. He began his career making beats for other local artists as a freshman at Callaway High School. Growing up in the poverty-stricken Virden Addition neighborhood, Lonnie was subjected to recurring gang violence, which became a common theme in many of his songs. Lonnie graduated from Callaway High School in 2013 and went on to pursue an associate's degree in general studies at Hinds Community College in Raymond. The rapper quickly realized he was meant to take a different route, and in August 2014, he transferred to Jackson State University, where he studied mass communications. He released his track "I'm the Type" that fall, and a few months after, he released his first successful songs, "Colors" and "Special." "Colors" received national attention after it went viral in the summer of 2015, and several popular entertainment websites featured his music, including Billboard, which later premiered his single "Change Up" in May 2016. In November 2015, Lonnie dropped his first mix tape, "They Know What's Going On." The project quickly amassed more than 180,000 streams and more than 100,000 downloads. He released his second mix tape, "They Know What's Going On 2," in June, bringing in many popular names from the industry, including Bryson Tiller, Slim Jimmy of Rae Sremmurd, K Camp and Moneybagg Yo. On July 18, 2016, he released another project, "The Big Three," a collaboration that introduced the new sounds of three local deejays: DJ Moneycure, DJ Jukebox and DJ Dream. Danie Matthews provided the information on Lonnie's background and music. Read her full 2016 article on Lil Lonnie here. ||||| A family is in mourning after a wife and mother-of-two Mary Jordan died on a family holiday in New Zealand. Mary Jordan and her husband Trent were four days into their holiday in Rotorua with their children Cara, 6, and Harry, 9. Mr Jordan and his son were exploring a nearby national park, leaving Mrs Jordan and the couple's daughter at their accommodation. Mrs Jordan suffered a seizure in a hotel swimming pool, as Cara struggled to hold her mother's head above water, drying her with a towel before running for help. Trent Jordan and his wife Mary, who suffered a seizure while on holiday in New Zealand and passed away . Trent and Mary Jordan with their children Harry, 9, and Cara, 6, who tried to revive her mother . 'We meshed, lived, laughed and loved in the way that now she’s gone, I’m not sure who I am,' said Mr Jordan . Mary Jordan's father-in-law posted this message on his Facebook after her death . Paramedics were called to the scene but were unable to revive Mrs Jordan, who had a history of seizures and have suffered eclampsia during at least one of her pregnancies. Cara is now being hailed for her courage, with New Zealand police praising the six-year-old girl for her brave actions. Mr Jordan spoke out at his wife's funeral, saying that 'told me how brave you were and how much love you showed to Mummy by keeping her safe and going for help,' 'I am so proud of you and so is everyone else here. You’re a hero.' At the farewell service for Mary Jordan last week, Mr Jordan called his wife 'my best friend, my love, my life', reported the Courier Mail. 'The cliche is that there’s a hole in my heart,' he said. 'It’s not so simple. We were one. One word – ‘trentandmary’, lower case, no spaces. Take out a single letter and things get confused. Take away the last four letters and the meaning vanishes.' Trent and Mary Jordan on their wedding day. They celebrated 15 years of marriage recently . 'The cliche is that there’s a hole in my heart,' Mr Trent said. Mr Jordan said he wanted 'to tell the world how wonderful she was'. 'We meshed, lived, laughed and loved in the way that now she’s gone, I’m not sure who I am.' The couple lost a daughter, Ellen, to Neonatal Hemochromatosis, just a day after she was born, with Mary suffering seizures as a result of complications following the birth. She was placed in a drug-induced coma which lasted for four days. The Jordans had campaigned to raise awareness of the condition, explaining on their blog, 'We hope that sharing our story of Ellen will help people who may have experienced a similar loss.' Mrs Jordan wrote of her experience of the ordeal saying, 'We also know how fickle life can be'. Trent Jordan said that the couple had recently celebrated 15 years of marriage and both of their 40th birthdays. 'That night was a wonderful opportunity for me to explain and tell everyone what a wonderful and beautiful person my wife was,' Mr Jordan said. 'I didn’t do it ... I didn’t worry too much, though. I wouldn’t forget next time. But this is next time. She’s not here to hear me say it.' Mr Jordan said he wanted 'to tell the world how wonderful she was'. At the farewell service for Mary Jordan last week, Mr Jordan called his wife 'my best friend, my love, my life', . 'Lone killer': Police believe Tyler Holder, 17, acted alone when he abducted, raped and smothered 6-year-old Alanna Gallagher in July . A Texas coroner has determined that the 6-year-old girl who was found dead under a tarp in July was raped and then smothered with plastic bags. Police believe 17-year-old Tyler . Holder acted alone when he abducted Alanna Gallagher, sexually assaulted and killed her, dumping the child's body in the Forth Worth suburb of Saginaw July 1. Holder was shot in the throat July 23 when he . opened fire on police officers as they tried to arrest him, wounding one of them in the groin. The teenage suspect had survived his injuries and now faces charges of capital murder and attempted capital murder in connection to the shooting of a police officer. Holder remains in jail on $1million bail and is due back in court Thursday. According to a report recently released by the Tarrant County Medical Examiner's Office, Alanna's official cause of death determined to be was asphyxiation from the four plastic shopping bags wrapped around her head. New documents made public in the case and cited by Dallas Morning News show that police believe Holder acted alone, but may have used his mother's car to abduct the child and then dispose of her body. The documents also state that Holder bought a new cell phone two days after Alanna's murder. The teen gave his old phone to a friend, who told police after Holder’s arrest July 23 that he had discovered a YouTube search for 'Good kid porn websites' on the device, as well as images of male genitals and pictures of the suspect dressed as a woman. Brutal death: Alanna's official cause of death has been determined to be asphyxiation from plastic shopping bags placed over her head . Anti-social: Holder, who has been described as a trouble-maker, lived opposite Alanna in Saginaw. A street view picture of his home shows two people making obscene gestures at the Google camera . The 17-year-old accused of brutally . raping and murdering his 6-year-old neighbor left a note for his mother . that read: 'I love you, I'm sorry,' according to FBI documents. Duct . tape, used condoms and blood-stained toilet paper were also listed as . items found by officers when they searched Tyler Holder's home. However, the first item listed on a receipt of 153 items seized by the FBI, according to KHOU, was a 'sealed letter addressed to Mom with 'I . love you, I'm sorry', and a crumpled up piece of paper with the . words 'Mom I' on it. Holder's . neighbors had described him as a trouble maker who had been involved in . 'criminal mischief', the arrest warrant showed. Classmates . have also described the 17-year-old as 'socially awkward' and in a . Google picture of the suspect's home, two obscured people can be seen . making obscene hand gestures at the Google car camera. It has not been . confirmed if Holder was in the picture. According . to the warrant, Alanna was sexually assaulted and suffocated, before . her wrists and ankles were bound with red duct tape, and her body was . dumped in a tarp less than a mile from her home July 1. When investigators later searched Holder's home, they discovered a . purple Timex watch with pink and green flowers on it, which matched the description of the timepiece Alanna's parents had given her so the girl would know when to come home while playing outside. Girls' necklaces . and jewelry, latex gloves, computers, digital . cameras and a journal were also seized. 'The three of us': A Facebook image shows Alanna's parents, Laura . and Karl (left) Gallagher with Miles McDaniel (right), who are in a . polyamorous relationship . Boyfriend: Patricia Hustede banned Holder from her home after he started dating her daughter, Cassie . Officers were able to trace a roll of toilet paper found with Alanna's body to Costco, which Holder's mother was a member of. Originally, Saginaw Police had said . they had no specific suspects, but the affidavit suggests Holder was . under suspicion almost immediately, according to 8 News. Within . hours of Alanna’s body being found, officers reported seeing Tyler . Holder 'pacing up and down the sidewalk', the affidavit says. Residents . informed police Holder had told them it was Alanna’s body that had . been found, even before the authorities had revealed the identity of . the victim. The next day, as officers searched the Gallagher home, Holder was seen standing across the street watching. Holder . was questioned early in the investigation and told police on the day of . Alanna's death he woke up about 2pm, watched television and went to . apply for jobs, having recently been made unemployed by Sonic. The affidavit reads: 'Holder stated that he had no contact with Alanna Gallagher and that she had never been in his house,' Holder also denied having a tarpaulin in his back garden. Weapons: Holder was said to have carried knives and pulled one on a teenage boy after destroying his snowman, according to one source . Tragic: Six-year-old Alanna Gallagher was found . bound and gagged. The youngster had been raped. Right, Charles Lodotto, . who Holder allegedly opened fire, on hitting the officer in the groin . But . video surveillance obtained from the north and south ends of Babbling . Brook Drive did not show Holder driving his vehicle that day as he had . said. When they analyzed his mobile phone, they found pictures of him with a garden hose in a sexual position. During an interview, Holder had admitted that he had sex with other men. Belt: A DNA sample taken by police of Holder matched DNA found on Alanna's body and on a belt found at the scene . On July 5, officers took a DNA sample from his mouth and were later notified that it matched evidence found on Alanna's body. Four days later, officers arrived at . Holder's home in unmarked cars. Neighbors heard them pounding on the . door shortly before multiple shots rang out. Charles Lodatto, an officer who was . wounded during the confrontation, was shot in the groin and the bullet . hit an artery and broke into pieces. The . probable cause affidavit for Holder’s arrest offered gruesome details about the suffering inflicted upon . Alanna, who went missing July 1. The little girl, who was known for riding on her purple scooter in search of playmates, had been brutally raped. Her partially clothed body was found by 14-year-old Owen . Whiddon bound and wrapped in a . gray tarpaulin in the middle of a street about a mile from her home . later in the day of her disappearance. Genetic . evidence was matched through DNA tests to a sample that Holder . voluntarily provided to police earlier this month, the documents say. His DNA was also found on the buckle of a belt used to wrap Alanna’s body in the tarp. Four Walmart bags were taped over the girl’s head with red duct tape secured around her neck. Heartbreaking: The arrest comes after Alanna's body was found tied and partially naked with a bag over her head under this tarp in the street. A 14-year-old boy found her body . Her wrists and ankles were bound with the same tape and her body and clothes were wet with an unknown liquid. Police . later found what is believed to be the same kind of duct tape in . rubbish bags outside the home Holder shared with his mother just two . doors from where Alanna lived with her family. Alanna lived with her siblings, their . parents Laura and Karl Gallagher, and a second male, Miles McDaniel, who . was in a polyamorous relationship with her parents. Police . have said that the Gallaghers and McDaniel were home while Alanna . played outside alone. They are not sure when she was abducted from the . neighborhood. Coping: Neighbors set up a makeshift . memorial on the curb but it was torched along with the . family's car . By . Hayley O'keeffe . PUBLISHED: . 15:36 EST, 12 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:50 EST, 13 December 2013 . The Danish prime minister has defended snapping a controversial selfie with David Cameron and Barak Obama at Nelson Mandela's memorial service. Helle Thorning-Schmidt said that the trio of world leaders were just 'having a bit of fun' and that taking the relaxed picture was in-keeping with the spirit of the event. The Dane, who is married to former Labour Party leader Neil Kinnock's son Stephen, 42, has enjoyed a glamorous reputation in her native country since becoming prime minister in 2011. Scroll down for video . For our eyes only: The controversial selfie, pictured, will not be shared with the public, the Danish Prime Minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt said today . She said: 'There were lots of pictures taken that day, and I just thought it was a bit of fun. 'Maybe it also shows that when we meet heads of state and government, we too are just people who have fun.' In an interview with Danish Daily Berlinske, she added: 'There was a sadness, but it was basically a festive event that also celebrated a man who has lived for 95 years and achieved so much in his life. 'There was dancing on the stands. And then we took a really fun selfie.' The Danish Prime Minister has enjoyed a glamorous reputation in her native country since being elected in 2011 . Obama, Cameron and Thorning-Schmidt were captured taking the picture at the FNB Stadium near Johannesburg on Tuesday, as thousands of mourners gathered to pay tribute to Nelson Mandela. The photograph was taken shortly after President Obama gave a reverent speech about the former South African President and civil rights campaigner who died aged 95 at the weekend. The White House has not commented on the photograph, but David Cameron this week brushed off the incident. During Prime Minister's Questions in the House of Commons he said: 'In my defense, I would say that Nelson Mandela played an extraordinary role in his life and in his death in bringing people together. So of course when a member of the Kinnock family asked me for a photograph, I thought it was only polite to say yes.' Helle Thorning-Schmidt, with her husband Stephen Kinnock who is the son of former Labour Party leader Neil Kinnock . But the controversy is not going away as quickly as the world leaders would like. It led to a backlash from Twitter users who said it was inappropriate behaviour at an event to remember the life of the anti-apartheid hero, who died last week aged 95. Twitter user James Armitage wrote: 'What selfish morons take a "selfie" at a memorial service? Oh yeah that's right, Barack Obama and David Cameron.' In a message directed at Mr Cameron, Sarah McDermott said: 'You have precisely zero class or decorum.' A Florida woman accused of stabbing her boyfriend to death told police she did it because he 'put a curse on her.' Amanda Lopez, 26, of Tampa told police that her 57-year-old ex-boyfriend Larry Lee Fryer had 'done something to her' and that the only way to free herself from under his malicious spell was to 'kill him.' Lopez was arrested on Monday and charged with first-degree murder and was taken to Osceola County jail on Tuesday without bond. Under his spell: Amanda Lopez, 26, told police when she was arrested on Monday that she 'stabbed her ex-boyfriend because he put a curse on her' and she sought to end it . News 13 reports that Lopez told investigators she plotted to kill Fryer for over a year. Fryer was discovered with stab wounds in an apartment on Lake Trivolia Boulevard after he called 911 shortly after the assault. 'Hurry,' Fryer said breathlessly over the phone to 911. 'What's wrong,' said the 911 operator. 'I've been stabbed,' he responded with just minutes of life to spare. 'Sir, who stabbed you? said the operator before sending authorities to the bloody scene. Fryer was taken to the hospital where he later died. An autopsy report showed the Fryer had been stabbed eight times . A neighbor of Fryer's said that anything is possible--even black magic. He speculated that perhaps Lopez was really possessed by someone or maybe that she just wanted to murder someone. 'It could be anything,' said Fryers neighbor Joey Stuart. 'It could be a cover-up that she did want to murder somebody or it could be that she really was possessed by someone.' Stuart added that some people believe in demons and demonic possessions but that they can seek help for it. The scene: Larry Lee Fryer was discovered with stab wounds in an apartment on Lake Trivolia Boulevard after he called 911 shortly after the assault and later died in nearby hospital . When Tennessee Titans star Delanie Walker broke up with his girlfriend just before Valentine's Day this year, his spurned ex took matters into her own hands to keep him from finding a date for the most romantic holiday of the year. The 30-year-old tight end's longtime girlfriend Racine Lewin, 31, hacked into his Instagram account on Saturday, to post a picture of them together in happier times. She captured the sweet picture with a bitter rant, accusing him of infidelity. She also claims he broke up with her even though she is four months pregnant. 'This is my girlfriend/fiancé of 10 years. Her name is Racine. I broke up with her just a few days ago, like I do every February because I have no self control in the off season. I'm a 'celebrity' and she no longer looks good enough for my 'image' while I'm not playing football,' the now-deleted post read. Time to get a better password: Tennessee Titans tight end Delanie Walker (right) had his Instagram account hacked by his ex-girlfriend Racine Lewin (left) on Valentine's Day . Cheater? Lewin posted a picture of her with Walker during happier times which she captioned with a rant about his alleged infidelity. Walker pictured above during a December 2014 against the Jacksonville Jaguars . 'She's also 4 months pregnant so I figured it was the perfect time to take advantage of her. I've been canoodling around Nashville like a whore telling everyone that I'm single even though we planned this child and have been asking her to marry me for the past 5 years.' Lewin goes on to describe Walker as being a liar who only cares about his 'image'. At the end of the rant, Lewin adds that Walker sent her four dozen roses on Valentine's Day to cheer up, and breaks the news that they are expecting a daughter. 'All jokes aside, surprise Delanie you are having a girl. Congratulations...Love, Racine.' Lewin later apologized for the breach of privacy in a post on her own Instagram account, saying the act was 'completely out of my character'. Making up or breaking up? Lewin later posted a picture to her personal Instagram account of the four dozen roses Walker sent her on Valentine's Day to cheer her up . She also posted pictures of the roses that Walker sent her as a Valentine's Day gift, and confirmed that the two had indeed split. Walker has not yet commented on the social media spat. Lewin described their relationship issues in more detail, saying that she lost trust in Walker a long time ago but decided to stay with him after they experienced a miscarriage a few years ago. 'For all of you saying its my fault I stayed for 10 years... your right, but easier said than done when you love someone. It was really the death of our baby boy back in 2010 that made me stay... Promises of another baby, gifts, family, marriage, lies.... All really enticing to a girl who is already broken.' However, she says she is stronger now and wants to set an example for her unborn daughter by standing up for herself and breaking things off. Snapped: In another post on her personal Instagram account, Lewin wrote that the hack was 'completely out of my character' 'The last thing I want is our daughter to think it's ok or normal to be disrespected by a man. So it stops now, before she is born, one way or another. If we didn't love each other, we wouldn't have made it this far.. But love without trust, loyalty, or respect was bound to crumble,' she wrote. Walker has been playing football since his days at Pomona High School, located in an eastern suburb of Los Angeles, California. He went on to play college ball at Central Missouri before being recruited in the sixth round of the 2006 draft to play for the San Francisco 49ers. Walker played for the 49ers for six years before transferring to his current team, the Titans. According to public records, Lewin lived in the San Francisco Bay Area around the time that Walker started playing for the 49ers, so they may have met during his early professional football days. Happier times: Lewin and Walker pictured above attending the CMT Music awards in Nashville Tennessee on June 5, 2013 . (CNN) -- Fourteen alleged members of the Gambino crime family have been indicted on charges including murder, racketeering, prostitution of minors and trying to locate and intimidate a sequestered jury, the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of Manhattan, New York, said Tuesday. "Today, the Gambino family has lost one of its leaders, and many of its rising stars have now fallen," U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said. "We will continue to work with our partners at the FBI to eradicate the mafia and to keep organized crime from victimizing the businesses and the people of this city." Twelve people, including Daniel Marino, named by the U.S. attorney as the current boss of the Gambino crime family, were arrested Tuesday morning. One was arrested last week, and another was at large Tuesday afternoon, Bharara's office said. Marino has been charged with murder in various cases, including the 1989 killing of Thomas Spinelli, a member of the family who testified before a federal grand jury about the mafia's members and activities. The other defendants, who authorities say include some high-ranking members of the Gambino crime family, also have serious charges brought against them. Onofrio Modica is charged with jury tampering, which stems from 1992, when then-boss John J. Gotti was on trial on federal racketeering and murder charges. According to the U.S. attorney, Modica and other members of the Gambino family tried to locate the anonymous, sequestered jurors sitting on the trial. Modica was able to penetrate security measures and locate the hotel where the jury was sequestered, but the plan was called off after Gotti decided that the jury would not convict him, authorities allege. The U.S. attorney alleges several of the defendants also operated a prostitution business from 2008 to 2009, where young women and girls as young as 15 allegedly were recruited to be prostitutes and advertised on websites such as Craigslist. According to Bharara, the defendants drove the women to their appointments and kept approximately half the money paid to them. The women allegedly were made available for sex to gamblers at weekly high-stakes poker games that authorities say were run by the defendants. Read how rare it is for women and children to be involved . A press release from Bharara's office detailed the other charges against the defendants, including extortion; assault; trafficking of narcotics, such as cocaine, OxyContin and marijuana; wire fraud, which includes the alleged defrauding of several high-end New York restaurants by inflating invoice costs; loansharking; and gambling. "This case shows that it's still about making money illegally, by whatever means," FBI Special Agent-in-Charge George Venizelos said. "No crime seemed too depraved to be exploited if it was a money-maker, including the sexual exploitation of a 15-year-old." According to the U.S. attorney's office, the fourteen defendants are Marino, Modica, Thomas Orefice, Dominick DiFiore, Anthony Manzella, Michael Scotto, Michael Scarpaci, Thomas Scarpaci, David Eisler, Salvatore Borgia, Steve Maiurro, Keith Dellitalia, Suzanne Porcelli and Anthony Vecchione. Maiurro remains at large. The 13 defendants all entered not guilty pleas on Tuesday, according to the U.S. attorney's office, and they are expected to appear Wednesday before a federal judge who has been appointed to the case. By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 11:29 EST, 27 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 13:03 EST, 27 August 2013 . There is a group of hunters who spend every night shooting springbok in South Africa. The men hunt the animals in the Southern Free-State near Johannesburg in the dark from March to October each year. The national animal, which can reach speeds of over 60 miles per hour, are hunted for their skins and meat in an African industry which is booming. Springbok slaughter: Some of the game after a night hunt in Philoppolis, South Africa where a group of hunters spend every night from March to October hunting the animals . One of the most hunted species in South Africa and Namibia, the beautiful animals are one of the few antelope species that are thought to be increasing in numbers. The springbok are also hunted for sport and in 2010 more than 3,000 were killed legally by hobby hunters. Trophy hunting is big business in South Africa where it is classed as eco-tourism and brings in an estimated £64 million to the country's economy. Barrage of artillery: Arno du Plessis shows off his guns before a night hunt in Philoppolis in South Africa where springbok are hunted for their skins and meat in an industry which is booming . On the rise: Springbok are one of the most hunted species in South Africa and Namibia and are one of the few antelope species that are thought to be increasing in numbers . The thrill of the chase: The group of hunters, who are out every night looking for springbok, load up their utes with their kill during one of their night hunts . Rich westerners pay large sums to shoot large wild animals including lions and other big game. But campaigners say it is not only immoral but has had a devastating effect on wildlife. Lion populations have halved in the last 30 years and much of the blame has been pointed at trophy hunters. The brown and white antelope-gazelle found in South-West Africa can jump 13 feet high. Aim...fire! Arno du Plessis takes aim on a night hunt. As well as for meat and skins, springbok are hunted for sport. In South Africa in 2010 more than 3,000 were killed legally by hobby hunters . All in a night's work: Hunter Arno du Plessis with some of his catch. Springbok can jump 13ft high and reach speeds over 60 miles an hour . Hunting territory: Jaco Viviers on a night hunt in the free state which is made up of rolling open plains and mountainous terrain . The Free State is made up of rolling open plains and mountainous terrain. Here hunting springbok is legal. In prehistoric times, springbok were hunted using stone tools and they continue to be hunted in South Africa as well as Namibia and Botswana. The area was named after early European explorers moved to the Cape Colony from 1828 onwards to abolish slavery. The pioneers set up a ‘free state,’ away from British rule and influence. Campside fire: A group of hunters gather round the fire to keep warm on a cold night out hunting in Philoppolis, South Africa . Pit stop: Two hunters take a break from hunting springbok which have been hunted in the country since prehistoric times . Fast catch: Springbok are brown and white antelope-gazelle which are found in South-West Africa and can jump 13 feet in the air . It is supposed to be as blockbuster as they come. Cristiano Ronaldo and Lionel Messi - with all of their individual records, global fame and last six Ballon d'Ors between them - do battle in Britain's most iconic venues. The trouble is, Old Trafford didn't feel as if it was the preface scene to one of the great modern day rivalries in world football. Those in front of the cameras on Monday trotted out the party lines that yes, it was their man who deserved to clinch this year's Ballon d'Or, and no, their opinions weren't for changing. Cristiano Ronaldo and his team-mates showed off their skills during a brief training session on Monday night . Ronaldo has won two Ballon D'ors, while Lionel Messi has been given the award on four occassions . On Tuesday the home of Manchester United holds a fixture which ought to capture the imagination but feels as if - for the two respective camps, anyway - that the playground debate as to who's more complete is undermining what is a showpiece in its own right. There have been various projections as to how many will flock to the North West, but the club are hopeful of as many as 50,000. They had sold around 30,000 at the close of play on Monday with tickets available on the gate. If those close to the story are bored to tears of talking, there remains a healthy appetite from the paying public to watch them pit their wits against each other internationally. Even if they represent an unwanted distraction to two teams who need performances, it is an evening you will not be able to take away from the thousands of schoolchildren who want to catch a glimpse of their heroes. Some waited patiently outside the Stretford End before Ronaldo trained in a bobble hat. Any chance they can get for a quick peak. The World Player of the Year has a kick about on the famous ground where he made his name . Argentina captain Messi will hope to show on Tuesday night that he is still on a level with Ronaldo . The 29-year-old is back for the first time since knocking United out of the Champions League in 2013 and this brings the relative merits of both superstars into sharp focus. Not wholly unsurprising then that when met with the words Ronaldo and Messi, Richardo Carvalho bore a look of acceptance with a wry smile. Gerardo Martino asserts the latter should claw back the game's glitziest individual prize. Portugal's Fernando Santos disagrees, with both managers voting for their men with all the predictability of a politician at his local polling station come election Thursday. 'They are both genius,' Santos said. It was the closest we came to any sort of hyperbole. Whether towing the party line or not, those within the Portuguese camp are vehement in proclaiming their galactico will get his hands on the golden trophy again in January. For Ronaldo, that'll mean two on the spin and a third overall. Ronaldo's record this season is exceptional, and he will want to continue his scoring on his former ground . Carvalho, now 36 and back in the international fold after missing out on the World Cup after being put out to pasture by ex-manager Paulo Bento, said: 'I think Ronaldo is the best [in the world]. 'It is normal to speak about Cristiano and Messi but it is Argentina versus Portugal. For us Portuguese, everyone is expecting that Cristiano can win the third Golden Ball.' There is no reason to suggest Carvalho is anything but spot on. Ronaldo broke the record for number of goals scored in a single Champions League season and dragged Carlo Ancelotti's Real to that title kicking and screaming. He has recently been recognised as the best in La Liga and - Carvalho believes - is 'almost perfect', whereas the decision to hand Messi the Player of the Tournament award in Brazil was one to raise more than a few eyebrows. Former Chelsea and Real Madrid defender Carvalho backed his international team-mate to retain the award . Cristiano Ronaldo was in fine form again this weekend, scoring the only goal in a win over Armenia . 'Cristiano always wants more, even in training,' Carvalho added. 'Maybe next he can break his own records.' While the former Chelsea defender offered some flesh on the bones, Martino was at his most pragmatic. 'I cannot separate sentiment from my objective decision,' he said, somewhat rehearsed. 'Whatever season Messi had on footballing grounds, I would still vote for him.' They want to get in and out with minimal fuss. If it's anything like Messi's trip to Upton Park last week, marked with the constant flash of cameras, they won't be allowed to slip away unnoticed. The 30-year-old had been available since his release from Notts County earlier this month and has signed a two-year deal at Rovers. Burgess joined County in 2010, but ended last season at Cheltenham on loan, where he helped the Robins to the League Two play-off final. He will join Rovers ahead of the new season, with his contract coming into effect on 1 July. Rovers manager Ronnie Moore told the club website: "I'm delighted that Ben will be signing for us, we beat off several other clubs to secure his signature. "Ben is the first of many new faces we'll have this summer and hopefully we'll have some more over the next few days and weeks." A woman shows off a new uniform designed to protect female factory workers during the Second World War - including a special bra made entirely from plastic. With vast swathes of America's male . population having joined the fighting, the War years saw women filing into factories, shipyards and steelworks to . take on what - until then - had been traditionally regarded as 'men's . work'. Safety officials decided the country's newly fledged female labour force needed more than just goggles and gloves to protect them from potential injury as they performed manual tasks. Safety at work: Two women show off a new uniform - including a plastic 'bra' - designed to help prevent occupational accidents among female war workers in Los Angeles in 1943 . The sturdy undergarment, named the SAF-T-BRA, is believed to have been designed by Willson Goggles, a Pennsylvania firm that manufactured safety equipment for manual workers. In the 1940s, as World War II rumbled on, a generation of women rolled up their sleeves to keep shipyards, factories, steelworks and railroads moving. This series of black and white photographs are taken from the archives of the Women's Bureau, which was established as part of the U.S. Department of Labor in 1920. The Bureau was tasked with formulating 'standards and policies which shall promote the welfare of wage-earning women, improve their working conditions, increase their efficiency, and advance their opportunities for profitable employment'. The Bureau was also given the authority to investigate matters pertaining to the welfare of women in industry and report on its findings to the Department of Labor. Manual labour: Female welders - and one man, right - line up for the camera at Ingalls Shipbuilding Corporation in Pascagoula, Mississippi, in 1943 . The home front: Clad in overalls, headscarves and safety goggles, three 'Chippers' get to work at Marinship Corporation, established in California in 1942 to build the ships required for the war effort . War effort: A female riveter sits atop an aircraft at U.S. aircraft manufacturing firm Lockheed Corporation during the Second World War . Chippers: The Second World War saw women from every social and economic background performing tasks that had traditionally regarded as men's work . Precautions: Two female workers tasked with cleaning around the top of 12 blast furnaces at U.S. Steel's works in Gary, Indiana, pose for the camera in their oxygen masks . Female workforce: An older man and a female mechanical helper join forces on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad between 1940 and 1945 . Handover: A team of female workers are seen preparing to take over responsibility for aircraft maintenance at a U.S. base during the Second World War . Digging in: A team of five female workers line up with their shovels on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in the 1940s . Making connections: A row of women at work on a bell system telephone switchboard in the U.S. during the Second World War . By . James Gordon . A five-month-old male orangutan has been sent to the Milwaukee County Zoo to try and find a suitable surrogate mother after failing to bond with his real mom. Little Kecil rejected his birth mother after he was born in January at the Toledo Zoo in Ohio. Officials there placed the baby primate with a surrogate and chose a female who already had experience in such a role. There's a new orangutan at the Milwaukee County Zoo. Four-month-old Kecil arrived at the zoo on May 19. He came from the Toledo Zoo because he could not bond with his mother. The Zoo has an excellent track record with successful orangutans births in the past, but on this occasion, the mother simply didn't want to get to know her offspring. Yasmin has raised her own offspring in the past, she experienced a difficult delivery and had shown little interest in caring for the baby. The Zoo’s keepers and veterinary team worked tirelessly to offer mom Yasmin and the baby private, off-exhibit quarters in Toledo, in the hopes that they would bond but in the end it was decided he should be moved to Milwaukee. 'This baby’s well-being has been a priority since he was born, and we feel it is of utmost importance that he is raised by one of his own species,' Jeff Sailer, the Zoo’s executive director, said. 'Every orangutan matters; this is an endangered species that could go extinct in the wild during this baby’s lifetime.' M.J. was the surrogate mother for Mahal, a baby orangutan who was brought to Milwaukee in 2008. Mahal died last December. A new bond: Baby Kecil is being moved from the Toledo zoo to Milwaukee where he will be cared for by M.J., a surrogate mother. (Pictured here, baby Kassiu, a gorilla who died last year and his mother Naku at Milwaukee Zoo) Kecil is the second baby ape to live at the Milwaukee County Zoo this year. The first was a female gorilla named Kassiu who was born in March but also died a month later. Kassiu was the first gorilla born in Milwaukee in 22 years. M.J. is considered a 'proven surrogate,' and she and Kecil slowly have been introduced to each other at the Milwaukee County Zoo. Kecil, which means 'little man' in Indonesian, is in good health and was accompanied to Milwaukee by one of his keepers from Toledo, who has remained at the zoo to work with a Milwaukee zookeeper to assist in the transition. He is the kind-faced dog that stole the nation's heart after being abandoned in a railway station because of a painful eye condition. But after undergoing an operation, Kai the Shar-Pei is in good health - and on the lookout for a new owner. The animal was found tied up in Ayr train station on January 2 looking forlorn next to a suitcase of his belongings. Scroll down for video . Kai the Shar-Pei was abandoned in Ayr rail station earlier this month. The animal has undergone eye surgery since being discovered by the SSPCA, and is now recovering in their care . He had been left there by Fin Rayner from Aberdeen, who says she was tricked into buying him after seeing an advert on Gumtree. Following a police appeal, thousands shared their sympathy for Kai's plight online and inundated the Scottish SPCA with offers to take him home. Animal lovers also raised enough money to pay for the mongrel to undergo surgery to correct a condition which made his eyelashes curl inside his eyelids. Carers are considering a short list of applicants while Kai makes his recovery, but they are confident he will be re-homed soon. The operation was a success, with Kai now recovering in the care of SSPCA vets. 'He’s had the operation on both eyes, which was very successful, and he is just going through the healing process just now. 'It’s looking really good for him. He needs to wear the collar just so he doesn’t scratch them. 'He is really coming on. He’s very friendly and he has really been an asset to the society,' said Sharon Bruce, senior animal care assistant. Carers were inundated with requests to re-home the dog after he was discovered with a suitcase of his belongings in the train station . Kai had been listed as for sale on Gumtree, and left with an owner who did not want to look after him . The dog suffered a condition which caused his eyelashes to curl under his lids. Fin Rayner (right), the woman who left him tied up in Ayr, said she did nothing wrong . The Scottish SPCA said it was overwhelmed with requests to take Kai home and is reviewing a shortlist of applicants while he recovers from the operation . The animal was discovered in Ayr rail station earlier this month after being tied up by Ms Rayner, a mother-of-three. The 39-year-old had travelled from Aberdeen after seeing an advert of a dog on Gumtree, but claims Kai was not the animal listed for sale. After telling his seller she wanted to take him for a walk to test his temperament, Ms Rayner claims to have suddenly found herself responsible for him when the seller drove away. Unsure what to do, she decided to leave him at the rail station where she was boarding a train back to Aberdeen. The mother-of-three previously said she did nothing wrong. An investigation has been launched into how the animal came to be bought and sold online and he will star in a PETA campaign warning against such transactions. The animal is to star in a PETA campaign warning against buying and selling animals online . By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 20:58 EST, 4 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 20:58 EST, 4 March 2013 . It was always going to be included in his top 50. The exhilarating mixture of triumph over adversity, romance and melodrama captured the heart of veteran film critic Barry Norman. When compiling his list of best British films he had already chosen Slumdog Millionaire - but erased it at the last-minute, opting for 49 films and leaving it up to the public to decide on the final entry. Yesterday Mr Norman was left feeling vindicated. The public's choice: Radio Times readers voted for Slumdog Millionaire in their best British film, which won eight Oscars and seven Baftas . More than 3,000 people submitted their entries to the Radio Times with more than 500 British films suggested. And with Slumdog Millionaire proving to a popular choice there could only be one winner for Mr Norman. Ultimate feel-good film: Popular British director Danny Boyle holding up his Oscar for best director for Slumdog Millionaire . Repeatedly described as the ultimate feel good film, it went on to win eight Oscars and seven Baftas. In the film, Dev Patel plays Jamal, an 18-year-old orphan from the slums of Mumbai who appears on the Indian version of Who Wants To Be A Millionaire. He has wangled his way on to the show not to get rich quick but to get in touch with a girl he loves but has lost contact with. She has been sold into prostitution but is such a fan of the quiz he is hoping she will be watching. When the film opens Jamal has already won the top prize and is being interrogated by police who believe he cheated. As h answers their questions it becomes apparent his poverty-stricken upbringing and petty criminal past have provided him with all the knowledge he needs to answer the questions. Mr Norman said: ‘Actually when I was first asked to do this [list] Slumdog Millionaire was on there and I excluded it partly out of curiosity to see what kind of reaction it might get. ‘Slumdog Millionaire was the one I wanted to put in, apart from the fact that it won eight Oscars which is remarkable for a British film, it’s a multi-layered story – it’s not simply about the questions – in explaining how the kid can answer all the questions it gives us a sense of Indian life: the poverty, the corruption, the dishonesty. It’s a very believable portrait of Indian life. It got a lot of entries. Curious: Film critic Barry Norman left Slumdog Millionaire out of his top 50 British films, wondering if the public would choose it for their vote - and they did . ‘Slumdog doesn’t have a phoney feel-good ending. There is a sense of hope which runs throughout the film which is great. ‘It’s educational without being earnest.‘ . Last month saw Mr Norman, 79, unveil his list of 49 films in the Radio Times with the inclusion of 1981 Scots film Gregory’s Girl which he described it as the best teenage film ever made. Mr Norman said the responses from Radio Times readers had left him in no doubt that films still have an important role in the lives of many. He said: ‘Movies are still very important to people and so they should be. The cinema is a great art form and we should never lose that. ‘It provides escapism which is a big factor and films can teach us a lot about ourselves, other people and other cultures and societies and that’s what Slumdog Millionaire does. ‘ . A thug who battered his girlfriend so badly she needed hypnosis to help bring him to justice was today jailed for ten years. Mum-of-two Zoe Dronfield, 38, suffered a bleed on the brain and a neck wound after partner Jason Smith, 31, from Coventry, launched a ferocious eight-hour attack. When she regained consciousness, she found Smith slashing his wrists in a suicide bid but she had no memory of the assault. She feared he would escape justice until she hired a hypnotherapist who helped her piece together the details of the attack. Scroll down for video . Recovery: Zoe Dronfield hired a hypnotherapist who helped her piece together the details of the horrific attach . Injuries: Ms Dronfield suffered a bleed on the brain and a neck wound after partner Jason Smith, 31, from Coventry, launched a ferocious eight-hour attack . Police then used her evidence in court to convince a jury to convict him of assault occasioning grievous bodily harm with intent and criminal damage. Today, Ms Dronfield, from from Coventry, West Midlands watched Smith jailed for ten years at Warwick Crown Court in Leamington Spa. Recorder Richard Atkins QC told him: 'Having beaten her and knocked her senseless you then took a knife to her face. 'The photographs of the victim's injuries are deeply unpleasant. She was quite viciously assaulted and savagely cut. 'This was a sustained attack. There were numerous blows to the victim's head and body with feet and a sharp object. 'I've no doubt you've been a good father to your seven-year-old daughter and it saddens me she won't see you as a free man for some time . 'But there's a violent bully in you that won't take no for an answer. I therefore feel ten years in prison plus four on licence is an appropriate sentence.' Jason Smith (pictured left with Ms Dronfield was told: 'There's a violent bully in you that won't take no for an answer' Ms Dronfield (left), from from Coventry, West Midlands watched Smith (right) jailed for ten years at Warwick Crown Court in Leamington Spa . Lee Egan, defending, said: 'My client doesn't accept guilt. 'His overriding concern at the police interview immediately after the incident was for Ms Dronfield's welfare. It was an isolated incident and it was not premeditated. 'But she did suffer life changing injuries. He does feel remorse for causing them, although he doesn't remember doing it.' Ms Dronfield, from Coventry, was stabbed in the neck by Smith on February 2 last year. He then stamped on her head, leaving her with horrific injuries. She suffered a cracked cheekbone, a bleed on the brain and the stab wound was just 1cm from her jugular vein. The savage assault also left her with short term memory loss which meant she was unable to recall the hours before the attack. Ms Donfield suffered a cracked cheekbone, a bleed on the brain and the stab wound was just 1cm from her jugular vein . Both of her arms were cut in the attack. The savage assault also left Ms Dronfield with short term memory loss . Speaking after the case, she said: 'I think it was a fair outcome and justice has been done. 'It's about time courts started taking domestic violence seriously. Jason is a controlling bully and I think he has a personality disorder. 'I feel lucky to be alive and I'm glad he's been put away where he can't hurt any other women. 'After the attack I was a shell of my former self and I've never been so low in my life. 'Many women take their own lives after such events but I had to find a way to fight through it and that's why I wanted to get hypnotherapy - to build me back up mentally and fill in the blanks.' 'I want to show other women they can do the same, we do not have to let abusers win,' she added. Zoe met Smith on Facebook and they were in a relationship for a year before he attacked her. They had mutual friends on the social media site and they began chatting, before he soon began showering her with compliments and offering to take her out. It was only after Ms Donfield (right) visited David Kilmurry (left), a cognitive behavioral hypnotherapist, that she was able to remember the attack that changed her life . Mr Kilmurry said: 'I have worked with Zoe and I am proud to have helped her to retrieve her memory and rebuild her confidence following the trauma' Smith acted like a true gentleman, taking to her expensive restaurants and hotels, and treating her like a princess. They had spent the night of the attack talking before Smith fell asleep and Ms Dronfield went to bed. She said: 'The next thing I knew, I woke up covered in blood and had no idea what was happening. 'My first thought was I wasn't going to die because I needed to be there for my children. I grew up without a mother and I didn't want that for my children. 'The whole house was covered in blood. The bedroom was red and the bed was sodden. It was like a scene from a horror film. 'The bath was filled with water and he was cleaning knives in the bath. There was an eight-inch knife and a meat cleaver.' Just a week before the attack, Ms Dronfield was forced to hide in her wardrobe when Smith stormed into her home after she tried to end their relationship. Prosecutor Raj Punia said: 'A week previously he had come into her home unannounced while she was alone with her four-year-old daughter. 'He damaged a door and ran upstairs where the victim was hiding in a wardrobe in her bedroom. He demanded to know why she wouldn't speak to him anymore.' Ms Donfield has found herself a better job and has set up a charity. Of people with her type of head injury, 75 per cent don't return to work . Ms Dronfield (right) feared Smith would escape justice until she hired a hypnotherapist (left) who helped her piece together the details of the attack . It was only after Zoe visited David Kilmurry, a cognitive behavioral hypnotherapist, that she was able to remember the attack that changed her life. He said: 'Zoe has made a truly amazing recovery from devastating physical and psychological injuries, to go to court and give evidence. 'I have worked with Zoe and I am proud to have helped her to retrieve her memory and rebuild her confidence following the trauma. 'I feel that her development has been quite amazing. 'Her head injury was described as moderate to severe closed head. Of the people that survive this type of injury 75 per cent never return to work. 'Zoe has not only returned to work but has gone and got a better job and set up a charity and has been helping others less fortunate as herself. 'It wasn't until later on down the hypnotherapy line that the trust built up and she was confident enough to go to 'parts unknown' we embarked on some regression to the event and the detail she remembered was quite amazing even in and out of unconsciousness.' LONGBOAT KEY, Florida (CNN) -- Like any sun-drenched beach paradise, Longboat Key offers water sports, biking and tennis, but the best way to enjoy the island may be by doing nothing at all. Low season on Longboat Key, Florida, generally starts in May and runs until late fall. This thin sliver of land off Sarasota on Florida's west coast is home to 8,000 people year-round, but come winter, the population swells dramatically. Thousands of visitors from colder climates flock to LBK -- its shorthand moniker -- from January to April to enjoy its balmy temperatures and the sparkling turquoise waters of the Gulf of Mexico. Off season, however, the only crowds are the sea gulls grooming their feathers on the warm white sand, and Longboat Key feels like the closest thing to having a private beach. On a recent late-September visit, the temperatures hovered in the mid-80s, palm trees swayed gently in the wind, hibiscus flowers bloomed and the sun's rays were on par with their intensity in July. The only signs of fall were the pumpkins on display at the local grocery store, along with regular fare, like mango Key lime pie. See photos of Longboat Key's beaches, birds and sunsets » . Tell people you are heading to Longboat Key, and many will think it's part of the Florida Keys off the southern tip of the state, but LBK is about 200 miles to the north-northwest of -- and in some ways worlds away from -- Key West and its neighbors. Nightlife on the island is likely to mean a moonlit walk on the beach rather than a drink at the bar, and the odds are good the locals will sport gray hair. Elegant setting . Buffered by Sarasota Bay on one side and facing the Gulf of Mexico on the other, the Key is sheltered from the tourist hustle and bustle of mainland Florida. At less than 11 miles in length and no more than a mile across in its widest places, LBK also feels like a secluded community with an elegant flavor of its own. The surroundings are lush, upscale and serene. A trip down Gulf of Mexico Drive, the island's main artery, reveals golf courses, condominiums and homes ranging from newly constructed mansions to older, one-story houses. The traffic is light, life moves at a slower pace and the mood is relaxed. "You won't find mini-malls, towering billboards, or glaring neon signs," the local Chamber of Commerce promises. Nonhuman island visitors also contribute to the mellow atmosphere. Dolphins regularly swim just offshore. Great egrets and great blue herons fish along the beach, while pelicans dive into the water in search of a meal. Birds of all sizes regularly patrol the palm-lined parking lot of the local supermarket looking for scraps of food from the lunch crowd. Wingless creatures also pop up in unexpected places. Visitors walking into one establishment are greeted by a stern voice exclaiming, "Bear, no!" Bear, it turns out, is a curious 5-month old Chesapeake Bay retriever who insists on checking out all the customers entering the store despite his owner's orders to stay put. Lodging and shopping . There are few hotels on Longboat Key, but rental homes and condos abound, so it's best to make lodging arrangements in advance, especially for visitors who plan to stay a while. Low season generally starts in May and runs until November. Tourists yearning to make the island a permanent home should bring along a big wallet. The average sale price for a condominium was more than $1 million last year, and it topped $1.5 million for a single-family home, according to the local Chamber of Commerce. Spenders on a smaller scale can get their fix in neighboring St. Armands Key and its unique shopping circle lined with boutiques and restaurants. (The official motto urges visitors to "get out of the box, get into the circle.") Shoppers can find anything from jewelry to knock-out shoes to sea shells of all shapes and sizes. Depending on your budget and appetite, a lunch break can range from a latte to a smoked salmon and brie grilled cheese. St. Armands Circle is a great place to people watch, but it's good to know the tranquil beach back on Longboat Key is just a short drive away. Shopping can be exhausting when sunny, lazy days in a blissful place are filled with doing nothing at all. The independent savings bank will close its Motherwell and Baillieston branches, and part-time outlets in Muirhead and Shotts, on 28 August. The bank said the move was a result of changes in branch usage and unsustainable operating costs. Its core branches in Airdrie, Coatbridge, Bellshill and Falkirk will continue to operate as normal. ASB said customers of the four closing branches could continue to access services online and by telephone. About 20 jobs are expected to be lost as a result of the closures, although ASB said six new posts would be created following the strategic review. The review covered all aspects of the 180-year-old bank's high street network and online and telephone operations. In addition to the branch closures, ASB plans to "streamline and modernise" back-office processes, restructure departments and review staff skills. ASB chief executive Rod Ashley said: "ASB operated for many years as a traditional branch-based bank. "More recently, we have modernised our service delivery by offering online banking through our website and telephone banking through our customer contact centre. "These improvements have proven extremely popular by providing customers with easy access to our services, when and how they choose. "However, they have required significant and ongoing investment at a time when the banking sector has had to address many financial and operational challenges, ranging from the increased costs of stronger regulatory requirements to higher transaction-processing costs. "As a result, the board has concluded that for Airdrie Savings Bank to grow and expand its services to the communities it serves in the future, we need to close some branches that are unsustainable, due either to low customer footfall and demand or the cost of maintaining them to a satisfactory standard." By . Helen Pow . PUBLISHED: . 09:27 EST, 30 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 10:25 EST, 30 January 2014 . Quiet kid: Darion Aguilar is the suspected gunman who shot two dead before turning the gun on himself at a Maryland mall Saturday . A Maryland mall shooter who killed two skate store employees last weekend wrote about killing people in his journal and said he was ready to die, police revealed Wednesday. Darion Aguilar did not mention targeting specific people or locations in his writing, according to Howard County Police, but rather expressed 'a general hatred of others' and acknowledged he had a mental illness. The 19-year-old is believed to have shot dead young mother, Brianna Benlolo, 21, of College Park, and Tyler Johnson, 25, of Mount Airy, in a Zumiez skate store at the Mall in Columbia and then took his own life. Detectives have as yet failed to find a motive in the shootings, but they said the pages of his journal, which had sporadic entries over a one-year period, show he 'knew he was having mental health issues.' 'Aguilar mentions killing people, but in general terms. he does not mention the victims, or any other specific person,' Howard County police said through Twitter. '(He) indicates he thought he needed a mental health professional but never told his family. He also mentions using marijuana.' He also apologized to his family for what he was planning to do and said his 'plan was set' without referring to what the plan was, police said. Also on Wednesday, new details were released about how Aguilar prepared for the horror shooting. Aguilar carried the disassembled 12-gauge Mossberg shotgun into the mall in a backpack and put the shotgun together in a dressing room at the Zumiez skateboard store. 'Police believe Aguilar exited the Zumiez dressing room, shot the two victims and then himself,' they said. Scroll down for video . Dispute: Multiple reports are saying Tyler Johnson (left) and Briana Benlolo (right) were shot dead by 19-year-old Darion Marcus Aguilar . Shot dead: Benlolo was a doting mother to a two-year-old boy . Earlier, investigators had said that Aguilar had spent at least an hour in the mall before initiating the spree. The skate store itself had no video cameras so there is no footage of the shootings. Another . victim, who was shot in the foot on the upper level of the mall, was . identified as Susan Kay Straumanis, 49, from Hanover. Shooter Darion Marcus Aguilar, 19, from College Park, had no criminal history as an adult, Howard County Police Chief Bill McMahon said at a Sunday press conference. He said the troubled teen bought the gun used to commit the murders legally early in December. McMahon . revealed at the conference that investigators had seized a journal from . the home of Aguilar which expressed unhappiness with his life. The . Prince George's County Police Department said it received a missing . persons report for Aguilar at about 1:40 p.m. Saturday, more than two . hours after the mall shooting. Recent graduate: The senior yearbook photo of Darion Aquilar from the Blake High School, Silver Spring, Maryland yearbook . Officers . went to Aguilar's home to speak with his mother about 5 p.m. and saw . Aguilar's journal. The portion the officer read made him concerned for . Aguilar's safety, the department said. Police began tracking Aguilar's phone and soon discovered it was at the mall. Howard . County Police Chief William McMahon said the journal expressed general . unhappiness, but at that point, he did not give any specifics about the . writings. 'There are a lot of unanswered questions,' McMahon said Sunday. McMahon . said the police investigation has not revealed any relationship between . the victims and the shooter, but Benlolo and Aguilar lived close to one . another. 'So far, our . investigation has not shown a relationship. I'm not saying that it . doesn't exist. We are focusing on any potential relationship, not one . victim over the other,' he said. McMahon . said detectives have interviewed family and friends of the victims and . the gunman but still do not have a motive for the crime. The . mall reopened for business on Monday, but McMahon said 'Nothing's going . to go back to normal. This mall is going to be different because of . what happened.' Investigation: Howard County Police Chief William J. McMahon identified the gunman as Darion Marcus Aguilar at a press conference Sunday morning . Shooter's home: The home of Darion Marcus Aguilar of College Park, Maryland, is seen Sunday, January 26, 2014 . Aguilar can been seen on surveillance footage arriving at the mall at 10:15 a.m. He . took a taxi to the Mall in Columbia in suburban Baltimore on Saturday . morning and entered the building near Zumiez, a shop that sells . skateboarding gear. He . went downstairs to a food court directly below the store, then returned . less than an hour later, dumped the backpack in a dressing room and . started shooting, police said. His dumbfounded mother described him as 'a gentle, sweet kid' who has never been interested in guns. 'If . you were to go in his room you would see what a gentle sweet kid he . was,' she said, adding that he was a vegetarian because he was concerned . about animal welfare. 'I . don't know what happened, I really don't. It's so unusual, you can talk . to any of his friends and find out what a gentle person he was. 'I . don't know, he's never had a gun before, never been interested in guns . or anything like that. I just don't know what happened, I just don't . know what happened.' The . woman, who didn't give her name, told reporters she didn't believe her . son knew his victims, contradicting earlier local radio reports that he . had dated Benlolo. Tragic: Aguilar took a cab to the Columbia mall an hour before he shot dead young mother Brianna Benlolo, pictured . Silent and deadly: Witnesses say no words were exchanged between the victims and the shooter before shots were fired . Lock down: An officer is seen outside a mall in Columbia, Maryland, where three people died in this picture provided by David Anderson . Locked down: Emergency responders closed the mall as they searched for additional shooters . 'I feel for those other parents, I do,' she added, sobbing. When . asked if she knew he had bought the 12-gauge shotgun in December, she . said: 'We have no guns in our house, we've never had guns in our house.' The . shooting baffled investigators and acquaintances of Aguilar, a quiet, . skinny teenager who graduated from high school less than a year ago and . had no previous run-ins with law enforcement. Police spent Sunday trying . to piece together his motive, but it remained elusive. Aguilar, . who had concealed the shotgun in a bag, fired six to nine times. Victim . Brianna Benlolo, lived half a mile away from Aguilar in the same . College Park neighborhood, but police said they were still trying to . determine what, if any, relationship they had. The other employee, Tyler Johnson, did not know Aguilar and did not socialize with Benlolo outside of work, a relative said. Although . they lived close to Maryland's largest university, neither was a . student there. Aguilar was accepted last February to Montgomery College, . a community college in the Washington suburbs, but school spokesman . Marcus Rosano said he never registered or attended. His friend, Ellis Cropper, told ABC News that Aguilar worked at a local Dunkin Donuts where he'd just got a promotion and was planning on enrolling in college. Unthinkable: Police enter a Sears store at the Columbia Mall after Saturday's shooting . Where it happened: The shooting took place in a Zumiez skate shop similar to the one pictured here . In a hurry: A mother and daughter quickly leave the mall to safety . 'Darion . was a good kid,' he said. 'I don't know what happened ... Darion is . quiet, kept to himself. Nice, normal, calm demeanor.' The . teen lived with his mother at a rented two-story wood-frame house in a . middle-income neighborhood called Hollywood, just off U.S. Route 1. A person who attended the high school with Aguilar told The Associated Press that he was an avid skateboarder. Tydryn Scott, 19, said she was . Aguilar's lab partner in science class and described him as tall, skinny . and quiet. She said he was interested in skateboarding and hung out . with other skaters. She said she was stung by the news that he was the shooter. 'It . was really hurtful, like, wow — someone that I know, someone that I've . been in the presence of more than short amounts of time. I've seen this . guy in action before. Never upset, never sad, just quiet — just chill,' Scott said. 'If any other emotion, he was happy, laughing.' Shots fired: Pellets from the shotgun recovered at the scene peppered a wall inside the mall . Many agencies: Baltimore Police in SWAT gear enter the Sears department store, State police and FBI agents also responded to the shooting scene . = . The court has been considering what to do about the government's refusal to reopen corruption cases against the president and other political figures. Mr Gilani says that he will appear in person at the court on Thursday to defend himself. His announcement came on a day of several challenges for the government. It is locked in a war of words with the army in addition to its tussle with the judiciary. The prime minister said that his decision to appear before the court was a sign that he respected its authority. He was speaking in parliament in Islamabad after MPs passed a resolution in support of democracy and the constitution. Mr Gilani described the vote as "good news for Pakistan". Correspondents say that even some opposition parties supported the resolution - the outcome of which was a foregone conclusion because it was seen as support for democracy in the country in general. But it was not a personal vote of confidence in Mr Gilani himself, correspondents say. Meanwhile another court hearing is taking place into a controversial anonymous memo which asked for US help to avert an army coup in Pakistan, in the wake of the killing of Osama Bin Laden in May 2011, has also resumed. It is understood that Mr Gilani can continue as prime minister while court proceedings take place. If contempt proceedings go ahead and he is found guilty, he could be automatically disqualified from holding public office. By M Ilyas KhanBBC News, Islamabad By putting Prime Minister Gilani on a contempt notice, the Supreme Court in Pakistan has taken its recent stand-off with the government a step further. A destabilising factor over the last few weeks has been the country's powerful military, which is actively participating in the memo case, which could potentially bring down President Asif Ali Zardari on the charge of treason. It is also said to be supporting the judiciary against Mr Gilani. But the government is also likely to deploy techniques that will help it to delay a conviction against the prime minister. The vote in parliament was meant to display unity between political players and aims to discourage unelected institutions from taking action against the government. At the heart of the court's complaint is the government's refusal to act on a court order quashing a controversial amnesty, which had protected the country's senior politicians from corruption prosecutions. One of the cases at stake is against Pakistan's President Asif Ali Zardari - the government insists he has immunity from prosecution as president. But the deadline for the government to reopen the corruption cases expired on Monday and government representatives were summoned to court to explain what they planned to do. "The Supreme Court has issued a contempt of court notice to the prime minister for not complying with its orders," AFP news agency reported judge Nasir-ul-Mulk as telling the court. The order comes at a time of intense political uncertainty, with the government at loggerheads with country's powerful military as well as the judiciary. The government's stand-off with the military escalated sharply last week when the army publicly rebuked Mr Gilani warning of "potentially grievous consequences" after he criticised army leaders in a media interview and sacked his defence secretary. Pakistan has suffered three military coups since independence in 1947 but analysts believe the army has little appetite for a coup in this instance. Q&A: Renewed instability in Pakistan Correspondents say things appeared to have calmed down after talks between civilian and military elites over the weekend when Mr Gilani described the armed forces as "a pillar of the nation's resilience and strength". The BBC's M Ilyas Khan says the army is throwing its weight behind the judiciary as it pursues its cases against the government. The other court hearing being considered today concerns the so-called "memogate" scandal - the anonymous memo apparently seeking help from the US to avert a possible military coup. It is not clear who wrote the memo or conveyed it to Washington. US officials say they received the memo but took no action. The scandal has already cost Pakistan's former ambassador to Washington, Husain Haqqani, his job. He denies any role in the memo, as does Pakistan's President Zardari. The commission, set up last month, is expected to question government officials to try to establish whether they endorsed the memo, and if so, whether the cabinet can remain in power. The next key date in this inquiry is 25 January, when Mansoor Ijaz, the person responsible for delivering the memo and who revealed its existence in the first place, is set to appear before court. The findings of the investigation are due to be announced later this month. By . Amanda Williams . World number one Rory McIlroy celebrated his gripping US PGA Championship win by flying off to the city that never sleeps in a private jet. The 25-year-old and his entourage boarded a flight to New York after he sealed a thrilling, weather-affected climax to the championship, in Valhalla, on Sunday - tweeting an obligatory 'selfie' along the way. McIlroy carded a closing 68 at . Valhalla to finish 16 under par, one shot ahead of Phil Mickelson after a . remarkable final day which finished in near-darkness, with the lights . blazing from the clubhouse behind the 18th green. World number one Rory McIlroy celebrated his gripping US PGA Championship win by jetting off to the city that never sleeps in a private jet . McIlroy carded a closing 68 at Valhalla to finish 16 under par, one shot ahead of Phil Mickelson after a remarkable final day which finished in near-darkness . McIlory has put his recent success - which has seen him take his fourth major championship win out of the last 15 played - down to his split from tennis player Caroline Wozniacki. The world number one split from his ex-fiancée at the end of . May this year, just days after the couple sent out their wedding . invitations. The . multi-millionaire has revealed that what happened was 'for the best . in terms of my golf.' But he was recently romantically linked with receptionist Sasha Gale, who is from Lisburn, County Antrim, a city just the other side of Belfast from where he grew up. It is not clear whether Ms Gale joined Mr McIlroy as he celebrated his win in New York, but she did not appear in a flurry of tweets posted to his Twitter account last night. McIlroy, of Northern Ireland, holds up the Wanamaker Trophy after winning the PGA Championship golf tournament at Valhalla Golf Club . McIlroy catches the lid of the Wanamaker trophy as America President, Ted Bishop, wrestls with the cyup after his one-stroke victory during the final round of the 96th PGA Championship at Valhalla Golf Club . There was almost embarrassment for PGA president Mr Bishop as he dropped the lid of the trophy in the process of presenting it . Lifting the Wanamaker Trophy for the second time also makes the Northern Irishman the third youngest player after Tiger Woods and Jack Nicklaus to win four majors . On her own Twitter account Miss Gale posted at the time of her rumoured boyfriend's win. She simply wrote '#Speechless', along with an emoticon of a pair of hands clapping. On her account she boasts that 'being small is a blessing - I call it travel sized.' Her . height means she may not suffer the same fate as 5ft 10in Wozniacki, . who said she had to wear flat shoes while going out with 5ft 8in . McIlroy. It was reported that McIlroy took former air stewardess Miss Gale . out for a high-class meal at Chelsea Wine Bar in South Belfast to . celebrate his victory in the Open last weekend. A source revealed the couple got together after meeting five weeks ago and their 'romance is blossoming'. McIlroy, 25, had been spotted out with model Nadia Forde earlier this month, fuelling speculation they were an item. But . his meal with Miss Gale, who says online she likes 'fashion, whiskey, . sunshine, travelling and fast cars', has buried those rumours. McIlory has put his recent success down to his split from tennis player Caroline Wozniacki (right). McIlroy has since been seeing 23-year-old receptionist Sasha Gale (left), who is from Lisburn, County Antrim . Collecting his car: McIlroy has been seeing Miss Gale (pictured together), who is from Lisburn, County Antrim, a city just the other side of Belfast from where he grew up . On her own Twitter account Miss Gale posted at the time of her rumoured boyfriend's win. She simply wrote '#Speechless', along with an emoticon of a pair of hands clapping . Rickie Fowler and Henrik Stenson had been part of a three-way tie for the lead with Mickelson on the back nine but dropped shots on the closing stretch to finish two behind McIlroy on 14 under. A torrential downpour which flooded the course and caused a delay of almost two hours meant it was a race against time to get play finished, so much so that Mickelson and Fowler stood aside on the 18th to allow the final group to tee off. McIlroy's drive finished dangerously close to the water to the right of the fairway, but a closing par was enough for the 25-year-old to become the first player since Padraig Harrington in 2008 to win back-to-back majors, his victories in the Open Championship and US PGA also sandwiched by a first World Golf Championship win in the Bridgestone Invitational last week. Lifting the Wanamaker Trophy for the second time also makes the Northern Irishman the third youngest player after Tiger Woods and Jack Nicklaus to win four majors, just one less than the total won by the late Seve Ballesteros and two behind Nick Faldo. It was the fourth time McIlroy had held the 54-hole lead in a major, the first leading to heartache in the 2011 Masters when he was four ahead entering the final round at Augusta only to collapse to a closing 80. Two months later he bounced back in spectacular style to win the US Open by eight shots at Congressional before winning the 2012 US PGA by the same margin at Kiawah Island. Last month he led from start to finish at Royal Liverpool, taking a six-shot lead into the final round before going on to win by two from Sergio Garcia and Rickie Fowler. Washington (CNN) -- President Barack Obama and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin will have an opportunity to speak "on the margins" of the G-20 summit in Russia, a White House official said. The development is a significant departure from what senior administration officials had said previously about Obama's trip to the international forum in St. Petersburg, noting that there would not be an information meeting. The president left Washington on Tuesday night. The United States and Russia are currently squaring off over the bloody civil war in Syria. Obama has sought congressional authorization for a limited military strike to punish President Bashar al-Assad's regime for its alleged use of chemical weapons against its own people earlier this month. Russia, a Syrian ally and major trading partner, has expressed doubts about whether those weapons were used at all. The Syrian regime denies it launched such an attack. Russia, along with China, would be expected to block any call for any military action against Syria by the U.N. Security Council. Obama also plans to meet formally with Chinese President Xi Jinping as well as French President Francois Hollande at the summit, the official said. Secretary of State John Kerry hinted at a Senate hearing on Syria on Tuesday that Obama and Putin would have an opportunity to talk at the G-20. "He will have ample opportunity to hear firsthand from President Putin," Kerry said in response to a question about Russia's involvement in Syria. "I am confident they will have a discussion about it." The White House last month formally canceled a formal Obama-Putin meeting that was to have taken place in Moscow during this trip, citing a lack of progress in relations since Putin regained the presidency a year ago. The decision came shortly after Russia decided to grant temporary asylum to Edward Snowden, the admitted leaker of U.S. surveillance secrets. Although the White House acknowledged at the time that Snowden's asylum was a factor, a senior administration official told CNN that the meeting probably would have been canceled regardless. Obama on Friday will meet with Russian civil society leaders to discuss human rights and tolerance, a White House official said. Also invited to that meeting are groups representing human rights, the environment and LGBT rights. CNN's Jim Acosta, Dan Merica Jake Tapper and Tom Cohen contributed to this report. By . Amanda Williams . PUBLISHED: . 04:01 EST, 7 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:25 EST, 7 October 2013 . Dog attacks are leaving 100 people a week with injuries so severe they need to call for emergency treatment, it was today revealed. Paramedic crews were called out to more than 5,000 incidents involving out of control dogs in England and Wales last year. The number requiring urgent treatment includes pensioners and babies. It comes as the Government considers tougher penalties for dog owners whose pets inflict serious or fatal injuries. Dog attacks are leaving 100 people a week with injuries so severe they need to call for emergency treatment . Under current laws, they can be sent to prison for a maximum of two years. They also cannot be prosecuted for attacks on private property. A mother-of-five whose four dogs mauled 14-year-old Jade . Lomas-Anderson to death is facing jail after admitting causing . unnecessary suffering to the animals. The teenager was left with . bites all over her body and catastrophic injuries to her neck and throat . following the attack near Wigan, Greater Manchester earlier this year. Beverley Concannon, 45, last week admitted a cruelty offence under the Animal Welfare Act when she appeared before Wigan Magistrates' Court. The mother, who went into hiding in the days after the killing, could face up six months in prison when she is sentenced. Jade’s parents are now calling for tighter controls on dangerous dogs. Step-father Mike Anderson, 34, told the Mirror: 'Dog control is based on 170-year-old laws and there’s no enforcement.' Beverley Concannon (left) whose four dogs mauled 14-year-old Jade . Lomas-Anderson (right) to death is facing jail after admitting causing . unnecessary suffering to the animals . Newborn Harry Harper was mauled to death by his grandmother’s pet Jack Russell as he slept in his cot, in Shropshire, last November. The eight day old baby suffered a fractured skull and brain damage after he was bitten by the terrier in his table-top carry cot when grandmother Teresa Bell’s back was turned. Mrs Bell had taken the eight-day-old infant downstairs to give his parents, Mikayla Bell, 19, and trainee electrician father Tom Harper, 19, a lie-in. The dog, which had never bitten anybody before and was usually placid, was put down. Figures obtained by the Mirror reveal that the number of attacks is topping 100 a week. They revealed that paramedics in the East Midlands have been called to hundreds of attacks. They had to treat an eight -year-old boy for . serious injuries after he was attacked by his grandmother’s American pit . bull while on a car journey. Newborn Harry Harper was mauled to death by his grandmother's pet Jack Russell as he slept in his cot, in Shropshire, last November . Part of his ear was severed in the attack which also left him with bite marks to the right side of his face, a laceration above his left eye, and injuries to his leg. The Government's Dangerous Dogs (Amendment) Bill aims to remove the immunity from prosecution of dog owners whose animal attacks someone on private property. Under the plans for England and Wales, announced in February, a dog owner could be prosecuted if they fail to stop their pet attacking someone on their own, or someone else's property. The Bill was designed to protect people who visit houses as part of their job, such as postal workers, utility staff and healthcare employees. In a separate attack, an eight-year-old boy was attacked by his family’s dog after it stuck its . head through the bars on a stair gate. It clamped its jaws around the child's head until his father was able to drag the animal off, and call paramedics. A 23-year-old mother also fled in terror after her three dogs rounded on her when she tried to intercept a fight between them. She broke a window to escape with her two children - passing them both to neighbours before escaping herself. One owner also had their nose bitten off in North London, and paramedics were called to treat a 96-year-old pensioner who was attacked alongside her dog by a Staffordshire bull terrier while walking. Crime Prevention Minister Jeremy Browne said: 'We are taking urgent action to protect the public from out-of-control dogs. 'We are changing the law so owners can be prosecuted for attacks on private property.' (CNN)The Queens, New York, district attorney called it "every subway commuter's worst nightmare." A man waiting for a train was pushed off the subway platform into the path of an arriving train on December 27, 2012. He died instantly. Erika Menendez of Queens, was charged with second-degree murder as a hate crime. Menendez told authorities she "pushed a Muslim off the train tracks" because she'd hated Hindus and Muslims ever since the 9/11 terrorist attacks, according to Queens District Attorney Richard Brown. Menendez, 33, was allowed Friday to plead guilty to first-degree manslaughter, Brown said in a statement. The judge indicated he would sentence her to 22 to 25 years in prison on April 29. Conviction on the original charge would have resulted in a tougher sentence -- 25 years to life imprisonment, Meris Campbell, spokeswoman for the district attorney's office, said Saturday. The district attorney's office accepted the plea because Menendez promised not to appeal and because of Menendez's "substantial psychiatric history and serious drug problem," Campbell said. "We are assured she'll serve a substantial amount of time behind bars." The victim, Sunando Sen, 46, was not Muslim. A friend told CNN he grew up in a Hindu family. The incident happened at night at the 40 Street-Lowery Street station in Sunnyside, Queens. Witnesses told police a woman paced the platform and talked to herself before pushing Sen as the 11-car train entered the station. Security video showed a woman running from the scene. Menendez was recognized on a street in Brooklyn by a passerby who had seen the video and called 911, police said. "The defendant is accused of committing what is every subway commuter's worst nightmare -- being suddenly and senselessly pushed into the path of an oncoming train," Brown said Friday. "The victim was allegedly shoved from behind and had no chance to defend himself." A call and email to Menendez's defense lawyer were not immediately returned Saturday. CNN's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report. Image copyright Reuters Image caption Hyon Yong-chol spoke at an international security conference in Moscow last month North Korea's Defence Minister Hyon Yong-chol has been executed for showing disloyalty to leader Kim Jong-un, South Korea's spy agency has told parliament. MPs were told Mr Hyon was killed on 30 April by anti-aircraft fire in front of an audience of hundreds, the Yonhap news agency reports. It said Mr Hyon had fallen asleep during an event attended by Kim Jong-un and had not carried out instructions. South Korea said a senior military officer was also killed. The news comes weeks after the reported execution of 15 senior officials. Among them were two vice-ministers who had challenged Mr Kim over his policies and members of an orchestra, the South's National Intelligence Agency (NIS) said at the time. Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption Mr Hyon (right, with Kim Jong-un) had been a general since 2010 Analysts told the BBC that while reshuffles of officials were commonplace in North Korea, the execution of a figure as close to Mr Kim as Mr Hyon was surprising and could give cause for concern about the country's stability. Image copyright EPA Image caption Of the seven pallbearers at former leader Kim Jong-il's 2011 funeral, apart from Kim Jong-un, all have either been executed, have lost their jobs or have not been seen in some time Analysis: Stephen Evans, BBC News, Seoul Hyon Yong-chol, as defence minister, was as close to Kim Jong-un as it is possible to get. Such a public and brutal method of execution as obliteration by anti-aircraft gun would emphasise the cost of disloyalty. Intelligence reports always have to be treated with scepticism but, in this case, the claims of the South Korean spy agency will be easy to verify. If they are not true, the defence minister would appear again in public. Earlier, the South Korean agency said that senior officials were being executed at the rate of one a week. It all adds up to a picture of a leader in Pyongyang who feels very insecure and who is dangerous in his insecurity. 'Execution' highlights Kim's insecurity Hyon Yong-chol: the general who rose from obscurity The 'theatre' of executions Mr Hyon is believed to have been a general since 2010, though little is known about him. He served on the committee for late leader Kim Jong-il's funeral in December 2011, an indication of his growing influence. Image copyright AFP Image caption Kim Jong-un has conducted a series of purges of officials since coming to power He was appointed defence minister last year. NK News said he last appeared in state media a day before the alleged execution date. Last month, he travelled to Moscow to represent North Korea at a regional security conference. Mike Madden of North Korea Leadership Watch told the BBC that if true, the execution was "entirely a demonstration of power and authority". Image copyright Reuters Image caption Kim Jong-un's uncle, Chang Song-thaek, is the most high profile official to have been executed under his rule "This is indicative of Kim Jong-un's impulsive decision-making", he said, and a sign of a leader who is "not feeling secure". Also executed, according to South Korea, was Ma Won-chun, a lieutenant-general and architect who masterminded the building of a new ski resort in 2013. Reports had said Mr Ma was in charge of North Korea's finances. Mr Kim has conducted a series of purges of close officials since becoming North Korea's leader. The most notable was his uncle, Chang Song-thaek - once the country's second-most powerful figure. He was arrested in December 2013 in front of a party meeting, found guilty of treason and immediately executed. There have been reports before of North Korea using heavy weaponry in executions, including mortars. Last month, a rights group released satellite images it said showed unusual activity on a small arms range at the Kanggon army training area in October 2014. Image copyright AFP The US-based Committee for Human Rights in North Korea said the images showed large weaponry facing a very close target, a viewing area and several passenger vehicles. It said the "most plausible explanation" for the image was a "gruesome public execution" by anti-aircraft fire. ||||| North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un had his defence minister executed with anti-aircraft fire for insubordination and dozing off during a formal military rally, South Korean intelligence said Wednesday, hinting at possible instability in the Pyongyang leadership. If confirmed, it marks another demonstration of Kim's ruthlessness in dealing with even the most senior officials suspected of disloyalty, following the execution of his uncle and one-time political mentor Jang Song-Thaek in 2013. It also points to possible power struggles within the top leadership, following Kim Jong-Un's decision to cancel a scheduled visit to Moscow last week in order to deal with "internal issues". Late last month, the South's National Intelligence Agency (NIS) reported that Kim had ordered the execution of 15 senior officials so far this year, including two vice ministers, for questioning his authority. In a briefing Wednesday to a parliamentary committee, Han Ki-Beom, the deputy director of NIS, said hundreds of people witnessed the execution of defence minister Hyon Yong-Chol, which was believed to have been carried out around April 30 at a military academy in northern Pyongyang. Han told lawmakers that intelligence sources suggested Han was shot to pieces using an anti-aircraft gun firing 14.5mm calibre rounds. View gallery North Korean Defense Minister, Hyon Yong-Chol, pictured in Pyongyang, in September 2014 (AFP Photo/- … Such a violent method of execution has been cited in various unconfirmed reports as being reserved for senior officials who the leadership wishes to make examples of. Last month, the US-based Committee for Human Rights in Korea published an October-dated satellite image of the same academy that analysts said showed a shooting range with anti-aircraft guns lined up in what appeared to be preparation for an execution. - 'Reign of terror' - Responding to the NIS report, Seoul's Unification Ministry said North Korea was under a "reign of terror" aimed at consolidating Kim Jong-Un's undisputed leadership. The details of the NIS briefing were relayed to local reporters by lawmakers who attended the parliamentary committee. View gallery A parade of the Worker-Peasant Red Guards takes place at Kim Il-Sung Square in Pyongyang, on Septemb … The NIS told the committee that the minister had been arrested for expressing dissatisfaction with Kim's leadership, repeatedly ignoring his orders and dozing off during a rally that Kim presided over. Yang Moo-Jin, a professor at the University of North Korean Studies in Seoul, said Hyon's reported purge and execution were a shock. "Hyon was seen as one of the three closest military officials to Kim Jong-Un," Yang told AFP. Hyon had visited Russia in April -- partly to pave the way for Kim's scheduled trip to Moscow to attend a May 9 parade marking the 70th anniversary of the victory over Nazi Germany in World War II. Yang speculated that the minister might have botched his mission, amid reports that he had been tasked with brokering a weapons deal in return for Kim's presence at the Moscow event. View gallery South Korean TV shows news about the alleged dismissal of Jang Song-Thaek, North Korean leader Kim J … Kim cancelled his attendance just days before the parade, citing "internal North Korea issues". - Politically frustrated? - "An inexperienced leader like Kim can often display a tendency for overtly dramatic and brash moves... and for me the situation looks quite worrisome," Yang said. "It also suggests Kim is politically frustrated," he added. Since taking over power in North Korea following the death of his father, Kim Jong-Il, in December 2011, Kim Jong-Un has repeatedly reshuffled his senior military leaders. His most high-profile purge to date has been that of his once powerful uncle Jang Song-Thaek, who Kim condemned as "factionalist scum" following his execution. The NIS has a patchy record with its intelligence reports on North Korea, which have sometimes missed key events or reported others later revealed to be false. Cheong Seong-Chang, a senior analyst with the Sejong Institute think-tank in Seoul, said the NIS had been "rash" in reporting Hyon's execution on the basis of what he deemed "shaky, unconfirmed intelligence." "It needs to be verified, but is already being reported as fact by the media which only adds to the confusion," Cheong said. ||||| SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — North Korean leader Kim Jong Un executed his defense chief for sleeping during a meeting and talking back to the young leader, South Korea's spy agency told lawmakers Wednesday, citing what it called credible information. National Intelligence Service officials told a closed-door parliamentary committee meeting that People's Armed Forces Minister Hyon Yong Chol was killed by anti-aircraft gunfire with hundreds watching at a shooting range at Pyongyang's Kang Kon Military Academy in late April, according to lawmaker Shin Kyoung-min. Shin attended the briefing. The office of anther lawmaker Lee Cheol Woo released similar information about the NIS briefing. The NIS didn't tell lawmakers how it got the information, only that it was from a variety of channels and that it believed it to be true, Shin said. The agency wouldn't comment when contacted by The Associated Press. South Korea's spy agency has a spotty record of tracking developments in North Korea. Information about the secretive, authoritarian state is often impossible to confirm. Since taking power upon the death of his dictator father in late 2011, Kim has orchestrated a series of purges in apparent efforts to bolster his grip on power. Analysts are split on whether the bloody power shifts indicate a young leader in firm control, or someone still struggling to establish himself. The most notable purge was in 2013 when Kim executed his uncle and chief deputy, Jang Song Thaek, for alleged treason. Last month, spy officials told lawmakers that North Korea executed 15 senior officials accused of challenging Kim's authority. ||||| More than 6,000 people were involved in the research which showed oral health was substantially worse among the poorest 20% compared with the richest. The paper, published in the Journal of Dental Research, showed poor people also suffered more from tooth decay. Eight teeth is a quarter of a full adult set. The research concluded those with lower income, lower occupational class, higher deprivation and lower educational attainment generally had the worst clinical outcomes. Their symptoms included having more tooth decay, gum disease, gaps in their teeth and fewer teeth overall. However, previously published research has showed the younger generation have much healthier mouths than their predecessors. Source: NHS Choices Prof Jimmy Steele, head of the dental school at Newcastle University said: "It's probably not a big surprise that poorer people have worse dental health than the richest, but the surprise is just how big the differences can be and how it affects people. "Eight teeth less on average is a huge amount and will have had a big impact for these people. "From our data, it is hard to say which specific factors are driving each of the differences we are seeing here, but there is probably a real mix of reasons and it is not just about, for example, the availability of treatment." Prof Richard Watt, head of the department of epidemiology and public health at University College London, said: "Inequalities in oral health require urgent action by organisations such as Public Health England. In particular, more needs to be done to tackle the underlying causes of oral diseases." Sydney Alcock, 68, from Washington, Tyne and Wear, lost all his teeth at a young age due to suffering from gum disease, primarily caused by poor oral hygiene. He said: "I have had false teeth but they don't last, so losing my teeth has made a big impact on my life. "It costs a lot of money for false teeth. "When I was young we didn't have milk or eggs, or much other dairy. We had to eat powdered eggs. "I'm sure that has had an impact on how good my teeth were." Researchers from Newcastle University, University College London, Newcastle upon Tyne NHS Foundation Trust and the National Centre for Social Research were involved in the study which was funded by the Economic and Social Research Council with data also taken from the UK Adult Dental Health Survey. Dr Sandra White, from Public Health England, said: "We have supported local authorities to tackle this [inequality] by developing guidance focusing on improving the oral health of young people. "We are also now developing guidance focused on supporting vulnerable adults. "By not consuming sugary foods and drinks, brushing your teeth with fluoride toothpaste twice a day - especially before bed - and going to the dentist regularly you will help prevent tooth decay." (CNN) -- Like many people, I've been riveted by the George Zimmerman trial. I call it "the George Zimmerman trial" because that's what it is, but the more I watch, the more I wonder: Should it be renamed "the Trayvon Martin trial?" I'm not just talking about some of the media's tabloid-like focus on Martin's background, his personal history, his school records and -- outside the courtroom -- the toxicology report. I'm talking about an aspect of the case that never comes up in the media coverage, one that I would argue is key. This murder trial, in and out of the courtroom, has been boiled down to one question: Was Zimmerman in fear for his life and thus justified in defending himself by shooting and killing Martin? It has been framed this way -- in terms of Zimmerman's mortal fear -- since the shooting in 2012. Zimmerman's assumptions led to death, prosecutor argues . Some people have forgotten that Zimmerman was not even arrested initially. It took more than a month for the special prosecutor to bring the second-degree murder charge. And if not for mass protests across the country, he might not be the defendant in a murder trial at all. The question that has not surfaced in the courtroom -- the elephant in the room -- is this: Did Martin fear for his life after being followed and confronted by a stranger while going to the store to buy candy and a soft drink? Was he, Martin, justified in standing his ground and defending himself when this stranger, an apparent stalker, approached him in a threatening manner? Zimmerman didn't identify himself and never said he was part of the neighborhood watch group. Think about it: We're told over and over that if Zimmerman was afraid of Martin, according to Florida law, he had the right to put a bullet in the chamber of his concealed handgun, get out of his car after being told not to by the 911 dispatcher and follow and confront Martin and shoot him to death. At the same time, we are told that Martin, who had far greater reason to fear Zimmerman, practically and for reasons of American history, did not have the right to confront his stalker, stand his ground and defend himself, including by using his fists. We are told that this was entirely unjustified and by doing so, Martin justified his own execution. Running updates from the Zimmerman trial . The phrases "stand your ground" and "self-defense" have been repeated endlessly by anchors, pundits, analysts and experts, but rarely applied to Martin. How could this be? Why is this other question ignored? Surely it will come up as we approach the trial, I thought. But it hasn't. What's going on here? How can the Florida law apply only to Zimmerman and not to Martin? I remembered the sharp, sometimes bitter commentary provoked by Spike Lee's 1989 film "Do the Right Thing," particularly in reaction to its climactic scenes, when the police murder a black teenager and Lee's character throws a trash can through the window of the white-owned pizza place. Years after the movie came out, Lee told an interviewer, "White people still ask me why Mookie threw the can through the window. ...Twenty years later, they're still asking me that." "No black person ever, in 20 years, no person of color has ever asked me why," he said. This speak volumes about race and power relations in this country. Opinion: Zimmerman trial - it's about race . Here's what I think: Assuming Martin did engage Zimmerman physically, perhaps if the teen had hit back a little bit harder, perhaps if he had been able to prevent Zimmerman from grabbing his concealed and loaded gun and perhaps if witnesses had come to Martin's aid, then maybe he would be alive today. That's speculation. One thing I feel sure of is that if Martin, in fear for his life, had used Zimmerman's own gun to shoot and possibly kill his attacker, when the police arrived on the scene, they would not have failed to charge him with murder. Why hasn't the prosecution team used Florida law to argue strongly for Martin's right of self-defense, his right to stand his ground against a stalker? Why not turn the tables on Zimmerman's exclusive claim to that argument? It will be interesting to see whether this question even gets posed for the jury at all. It certainly will be front and center as this case is tried by the jury of history. And future generations will likely puzzle over how the term "racial profiling" could have been banned by the judge before the trial even began. This country's racial history, the list of names, like Sean Bell, Amadou Diallo, Oscar Grant and other victims of "deadly force" by the policeâ€”these represent an even bigger Elephant in the Room. They may have been ruled irrelevant in the courtroom, but they are certainly relevant to those who seek justice in this society. The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Miller Francis. Constantino Banda-Acosta, 38, drove his truck through a stop sign and hit a car carrying a family of three on their way home from a trip to Disneyland. They said they were one block from home when the collision occurred. The six-year-old boy suffered brain trauma and is said to be in a serious condition. The suspect fled but was arrested. The truck hit the rear passenger door of the car on Saturday night in the San Ysidro district of San Diego, close to the US-Mexico border, said the family. US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) said the suspect had been "repatriated to Mexico at least 15 times since 2002, most recently in January 2017". "[ICE] has lodged a detainer against Mr Banda seeking to take him into custody if and when he is released by local authorities to pursue additional immigration enforcement action and/or criminal prosecution," a statement quoted by local broadcaster KGTV added. He was charged with driving under influence, hit-and-run and driving without a licence. Another man was also arrested in connection with the crash. The boy is being treated at Rady Children's Hospital-San Diego. His father told CBS8 broadcaster of his son: "Right now he's got a lot of swelling. "He can't open one of his eyes, so he's kind of scared about why he can't see." More on US immigration debate Get news from the BBC in your inbox, each weekday morning Olympic Games-qualified O'Flaherty will defend her Seeley Cup title in Ormeau Park after finishing fourth at Sunday's Irish Cross Country Championships. Men's holder Pollock will not compete in the Belfast race. Pollock has opted to return to his regular training base in London ahead of the European Cross Country tests. The Holywood man was third in the men's race an Santry which represented his first competitive outing since running the Berlin Marathon in September. Pollock went into the Irish European trials as the defending champion but he insisted that he was content with his third place on his return to racing after his Berlin disappointment. The medical doctor achieved the Olympics marathon standard in Berlin but was only the fourth Irishman over the finish line in the German capital which means he will have to race again in the spring if he wants to achieve his Rio ambition. In his regular blog, the latest instalment of which was published earlier this week, Pollock revealed that, after the suggestion of his coach Andy Hobdell, he opted to take several weeks off following his Berlin exertions. The Santry race represented Pollock's return to competitive action and his target was to secure the top-three finish which would guarantee a sixth appearance at the European Cross Country Championships "On each of the previous five attempts at the Europeans I have run poorly, having peaked for the Irish trials," said Pollock in his blog. "This year however, I know that, at least, I will be in better shape than what I was at Santry. "With three weeks of hard training ahead of me and the knowledge that my fitness should come back quickly, the nerves are already setting in. "This championship is an unexpected but very welcome bonus. The bigger races will come in the Springtime. "For now however, it is time to focus on the task at hand. The Irish vest is an extremely special thing to wear and come 13 December, I want to run well." While Pollock will not race in Belfast, the Seeley men's race should still be a competitive affair with Letterkenny athlete Danny Mooney and Paddy Hamilton both expected to be in the field. Letterkenny man Mooney represented Northern Ireland at last year's Commonwealth Games in Glasgow and also competed for Ireland at this year's European Indoor Championships in Prague. Steeplechase track star O'Flaherty, 34, has opted to compete in Belfast even though she will join Pollock in the Irish team in Hyeres on 13 December. The Newcastle woman, was delighted with her fourth placing at Santry as she picked her way through the field in the closing stages. The Dublin race came immediately after a five-week training sting in French Pyrenees as she continued her build-up towards next summer's Olympics. O'Flaherty may opt to have a short indoor season in February in addition to running in the Armagh Road Races before heading back for another training stint at Font Romeu in mid-April. Commonwealth Games Gladys Ganiel and Kelly Neely will also join O'Flaherty in the Seeley Cup women's field. Ireland team for European Cross Country Championships Men: M Clohisey (Raheny), J Coghlan (Metro), P Pollock (Annadale), R Creech (Leevale), J Sweeney (Dundrum), S Ciobanu (Clonliffle) Women: F McCormack (Kilcoole), L Lee (Leevale), C Crowley (Crusaders), K O'Flaherty (Newcastle), C Durkan (Skerries), M Finn (Leevale) U23 men: T Moran (Dunshaughlin), B Hargreaves (Dundrum), H Armstrong (Ballina), K Fallon (Galway), A Hanlon (Clonliffe), S Tobin (Clonmel) U23 women: S Heaslip (An Riocht), E Mitchell (Banbridge) Junior men: K Mulcaire (Ennis), P Lynch (Kilkenny), J O'Leary (Mullingar), C Doyle (unattached), J Edgar (City of Lisburn), P Murchan (Celtic AC) Junior women: H Saunders (Clonliffe), A Richardson (Kilkenny), I Carron (Skerries), D Healy (Ratoath), N Power (Templeogue), S Murphy (Dundrum) By . Alex Ward . PUBLISHED: . 03:48 EST, 27 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 04:32 EST, 27 October 2012 . A devastated mother committed suicide after her three children, husband and subsequent partner all died in separate tragedies. Patricia Gibbs, 67, felt 'so alone' when her son James Ellis, 33, was killed when his Yamaha motorbike collided with a van near Summercourt, Cornwall in June last year. He was the last of her three children after the deaths of her daughters Tracy Jane in 1987 and Catherine Mary in 1995 an inquest in Truro, Cornwall heard this week. 'So alone': Patricia Gibbs committed suicide in April after her son James Ellis (in picture frame) died in a motorbike accident following the deaths of her two daughters, first husband and subsequent partner . After James’ death she said: ‘You don’t expect to lose your children before yourself and it never gets any easier. ‘James was my only one and now he’s gone. ‘I just feel so alone. I would happily have given up my life to spare him.’ Mrs Gibbs’ first husband died in a boating accident and her subsequent partner suffered a heart attack. Mrs Gibbs’ husband of eight years Leslie Gibbs found her dead at her cottage in Bugle, Cornwall in April this year, the coroner heard. The 59-year-old engineer told the coroner that although she was ‘usually quite bubbly,’ he believed the death of her son was ‘a tipping point’. Afterwards he said: ‘Her hobby was her family. 'She was a lovely person. I couldn’t have wished for any better.’ DC Steve White said: ‘For one person to experience so much tragedy in a lifetime is quite unusual and very sad.’ Tipping point: The inquest heard that Mrs Gibbs' family was her hobby and that James (pictured) was 'her only one' The inquest heard Mrs Gibbs had drunk some cider and gin, which was unusual for her, before taking her own life in a bedroom which contained her mother’s possessions and a photo of her son James. Her husband returned home from work to find a note from his wife on the kitchen table and their dog Buster locked in the utility room. The note said life was getting too difficult since the death of her children and she missed them. The inquest heard she suffered from depression and panic attacks after their deaths. Mrs Gibbs was also frustrated that she had to wait so long for an inquest into James’ death. She said last August: ‘I feel like I am going mad wanting to explode with all the waiting. I just want to know what happened that day. ‘I won’t be able to move on until I know. For now I am trying to go back and think of the happy times we had together. ‘I can’t believe we are never going to meet again and he’s not going to come up that path smiling with that motorbike helmet under his arm. ‘James always said “don’t worry mum I’ll always be here to look after you” but I guess that’s not to be.’ Her grandson Luke Hawken’s wife Gemma wrote: ‘When Luke’s mother died, Pat looked after him as her own. ‘She was really not that happy. Many sad things had happened in her lifetime.’ Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons. (CNN) -- Hosts Brazil claimed top spot in Group A at the troubled Confederations Cup with 4-2 win over Italy in Salvador Saturday. The match may have lacked the quality of previous classic encounters between the world football heavyweights, but burst into life in the second half. Dante had given Brazil the lead before the break, but it needed a double from Fred and a classic free kick from home talisman Neymar to see off a determined Italian challenge. Victory also meant Brazil will likely avoid world champions Spain in next week's semifinals. Spain currently top Group B ahead of the final round of matches Sunday and have been in commanding form, beating minnows Tahiti 10-0 in their latest match. Brazil have also impressed with comfortable wins over Mexico and Japan, but this has gone almost unnoticed because of the mass popular protests outside games and across the country. Demonstrators have taken to the streets to highlight the cost of Brazil hosting next year's World Cup and the 2016 Olympics against a background of sub standard public services and corruption. The other match Saturday in Group A in the southeastern city of Belo Horizonte, between Japan and Mexico, saw a massive rally in the streets near the Mineirao Stadium. Police fired tear gas to attempt to disperse protesters, who had gathered despite a televised appearance late Friday by President Dilma Rousseff, who had promised changes. Mexico beat Japan 2-1 after two goals by Manchester United's Javier Hernandez. Before the match in Salvador at the Arena Fonte Nova, Italy coach Cesar Prandelli had advised his squad to stay inside their hotel because of security fears, but only limited protests were reported there. Neymar proved a thorn in Italy's side from the start and was behind a flurry of attacks in the first minute. But the rest of the half proved scrappy until the home breakthrough in added time. Neymar whipped in a free kick and after Fred's header was palmed clear by Italian goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon, Dante pounced to slot home the rebound. Italy surprisingly equalized in the 51st minute as Mario Balotelli cleverly flicked on a long ball with a backheel and Emanuele Giaccherini charged forward to score. But parity lasted just four minutes, Neymar winning a free kick on the edge of the area and stepping up to beat Buffon with a precise strike. It was the Barcelona-bound star's 23rd goal for Brazil and sixth in his last seven games, continuing his superb form at the Confederations Cup. Balotelli had a penalty appeal denied before Fred showed his strength to thump home the third in the 66th minute. Shortly afterwards, Neymar, who has scored three goals in the competition, was substituted by coach Luiz Felipe Scolari, rested ahead of a last four clash in Belo Horizonte next Wednesday. But it looked an unwise move as Italy pulled one back as Giorgio Chiellini scored with a low shot after Brazil failed to clear a corner. Christian Maggio thumped the woodwork as Italy pushed for an equalizer but were finally defeated when Fred converted after Buffon could only push out Marcelo's shot into his path. "We beat a strong Italian team and I think this shows we are on the right road, even if there are a few things we need to improve," Scolari told AFP. Liverpool have been linked to a businessman with connections to Dubai’s Al Maktoum royal family after owner John W Henry last week flew to the emirate to take part in high-level meetings. Henry travelled to Dubai to meet Marwan Abedin, who is on the board of Dubai’s biggest property developer. Though Liverpool insist the meetings did not concern the football club, their former chief executive Rick Parry was also present and the trip meant Henry missed the Champions League clash with Real Madrid at the Bernabeu, the most prominent match since his takeover of the club. Liverpool owner John W Henry (right) flew to Dubai last week to take part in high-level meetings . Marwan Abedin tweeted this picture of his meeting with the Liverpool owner . Henry flew to Dubai with his wife Linda on what the club say was a personal business trip. There he met Abedin, a man with close connections to the Dubai royal family who launched a takeover bid for the club in 2007. Abedin is also the chief executive of Dubai Healthcare City and on the board of Emaar, the company who built the world’s largest skyscraper, the Burj Khalifa. He has close links to Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, the vice-president and prime minister of the United Arab Emirates and constitutional monarch of Dubai. Some reports suggest that Henry’s trip was to secure a naming-rights sponsor for the £75million redevelopment of the new main stand at Anfield. Reports suggested Henry’s trip was to secure a naming-rights sponsor for the redevelopment of Anfield. Henry and his wife also have a shared interest in healthcare with Adebin. The Liverpool owner’s Boston charity, the John W Henry Foundation, states that one of its principal aims is to fund healthcare research and teaching. But the presence of Parry, who advised Henry’s company, NESV, on their purchase of the club in 2010, is intriguing. Parry has denied he has been touring the Middle East on behalf of the club to look for investors and is said simply to be helping Henry because he has good contacts in the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia. However, the club will need a new shirt sponsor when the current £20m-a-year deal with Standard Chartered runs out at the end of next season. Henry wants the club to develop closer ties in the region in order to exploit commercial opportunities, but has always ruled out selling a stake in the business to Middle East investors. (CNN) -- On Monday, we paid homage to our fallen troops with bratwursts and kielbasa, and that means it's officially the season of picnics, boat shoes and strolls along the boardwalk, hand in hand. As couples pop up out of the woodwork, we deemed it a good time to remind you that as a duo, your doings -- both digital and IRL -- will come under particular scrutiny. In other words: You've got the potential to tick a lot of (probably jealous) people off. A study that came out this February noted that couples tend to have similar Facebooking habits (intense and burning love for the sweet coding of Zucks, time spent on the site, etc.) The researchers hypothesize that we simply fall for people with similar interests, but it makes sense to us that this is more effect than cause -- couples might start to follow their partner's lead, e.g., amping up their time on the site if their partner's an avid poster. So if either you or your beau is doing something annoying on Facebook, Twitter, and the like, you're probably both guilty of it. We're happy for you, really, we are. But in the meantime, we call for a cease and desist of the following obnoxious tics: . The couple-y crime: Gushing nonstop . The online equivalent of: Out-of-control PDA -- e.g., making out in line for a row of Port-a-potties, surrounded by hapless spectators who soon may need that toilet to vomit . An arty Instagram snap of your girlfriend making French toast for breakfast: cute. A second image 45 minutes later of her whipping up fritters for your fancy weekend picnic, with a caption that concludes, "I have the best GF in the entire world!!!"? At a certain point, you're bragging, and those tasty beignets are being baked not just for the enjoyment of you but for the wistful salivation of everyone in your network. A good litmus test: If a single friend called and asked how you're doing, would you pass along the same number of sappy anecdotes and boundless approbation? If the answer's no, scale it back. The couple-y crime: Sharing a profile pic . The online equivalent of: Adopting his taste in music, movies and political opinions; forgoing first-person to constantly utilize the royal We ("We really love Mad Men," "We thought the wine was a little tannin-y," "We have slightly elevated blood pressure but it's only because we get nervous in doctors' offices.") This is a contentious topic, and indeed, there's nothing horrific about opening yourself up to your sig other's interests in B movies and chillwave tunes. But we're of the opinion that your Facebook profile is just that: yours, and showing two little faces to every person who searches for you (or glances at your Twitter or clicks on your blog or looks you up on LinkedIn -- avatars be er'ywhere) is just a little...strange. (Interestingly, the same 2012 study found that among their subjects -- white, 20-ish-year-old college couples -- the relationships were strongest in pairs where the chick had a FB profile pic of the two of them. But that's probably because a coed in a peachy relationship is likeliest to show her BF off the world.) If you must, use a cute, atmospheric photo of the two of you as your cover photo and pick a profile shot that shows your mug alone. Notable exception: If you have a pic that shows Jack White in between you two because you spotted him on the Lower East Side and stopped him even though he was obviously wearing a hat and trying to blend in -- by all means, make it your profile photo. Just take it down when the shock value has worn off. Media playback is not supported on this device Newtownards man Nixon, who made a record 792 appearances for Glentoran, was manager of H&W Welders U20 side. Nixon's work with the Ards Academy, which included a spell as head coach, was a factor in the club's decision. Currie left the Bangor Fuels Arena club to take over as boss at bottom side Portadown last week. "The board of directors considered Colin's past involvement with our Academy, and the knowledge of our club that he would have gained, as well as his considerable knowledge of Premiership football, including relationships with managers and players throughout the league," said the club. "A Uefa A Licence holder, Colin is a vastly experienced coach, whose most recent role was that of manager to Harland & Wolff Welders U20s. "For some years he enjoyed involvement with Ards through our Academy, eventually being appointed to Academy head coach in 2015." Nixon's brothers Alan and Darren, a former team captain, both played for Ards. John Bailie will remain as part of the first team coaching staff, while Nixon is seeking to bring in an additional coach. Ards are ninth in the standings and Nixon's first game in charge will be against Coleraine on Saturday. Stuart Lancaster has issued a reminder on the behaviour he expects from his England players as Steffon Armitage prepares to discover the ruling over his alleged assault charge. The judgement of a Toulon court is due on Tuesday with French prosecutors having recommended a suspended jail term of between five and six months. Armitage denies the charge that relates to his arrest alongside teammate Xavier Chiocci in January following an incident involving a 30-year-old man. Steffon Armitage holds off Neil de Kock during the Heineken Cup Final between Toulon and Saracens . The 29-year-old back row is not a member of England's RBS 6 Nations squad, but he may involved at the World Cup if Lancaster decides to temporarily relax the rule on not picking overseas-based players. 'I've not spoken to anyone from Toulon or the player. I'll wait and see how the process unfolds,' Lancaster said. 'Clearly from my point of view, behaviour and standards on and off the field are critically important in any team. We'll wait and see, but ultimately you know my view on it.' Armitage celebrates after scoring a try despite a tackle by Llanelli Scarlets' wing Michael Tagicakibau . Armitage runs with the ball during the Heineken Cup semi final match between Toulon and Munster . Lancaster has offered his thoughts on another player who will not be involved against Ireland on Sunday but may yet figure at the World Cup, Sam Burgess. Burgess has been disappointing since his switch from rugby league to union late last year and his performance for Bath against Northampton on Saturday was poor, but Lancaster remains upbeat over his progress. 'I think he his doing well. He's been here three months in a new code, playing at highest level,' Lancaster said. 'Realistically the Six Nations was always going to be a push. And the World Cup would be too, but never say never.' Armitage looks on during the Heineken Cup Final between Toulon and Saracens at the Millennium Stadium . WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Karl Rove, President Bush's longtime political guru, refused to obey an order to testify before a House Judiciary Committee hearing Thursday. Karl Rove's lawyers says he is immune from a congressional subpoena. Rove's lawyer asserted that Rove was "immune" from the subpoena the committee had issued, arguing that the committee could not compel him to testify due to "executive privilege." The panel is investigating allegations that Rove and his White House allies dismissed U.S. attorneys and prosecuted officials who they saw as political opponents. The panel subpoenaed Rove in May after his lawyer, Robert D. Luskin, made clear the former White House deputy chief of staff would not appear voluntarily. Luskin responded immediately that Rove still would not appear, prompting a threat of prosecution from the Judiciary Committee chairman, Rep. John Conyers, a Michigan Democrat, and Rep. Linda Sanchez, a California Democrat who chairs the subcommittee on commercial and administrative law. "A refusal to appear in violation of the subpoena could subject Mr. Rove to contempt proceedings, including statutory contempt under federal law and proceedings under the inherent contempt authority of the House of Representatives," Conyers and Sanchez wrote. "We are unaware of any proper legal basis for Mr. Rove's refusal to even appear today as required by the subpoena," Sanchez said Thursday morning when Rove failed to show up. "The courts have made clear that no one -- not even the president -- is immune from compulsory process. That is what the Supreme Court rules in U.S. v. Nixon and Clinton v. Jones." In May, Conyers contrasted Rove's refusal to testify before Congress with his paid work as a commentator for the Fox News Channel and Newsweek magazine. "Although he does not seem the least bit hesitant to discuss these very issues weekly on cable television and in the print news media, Mr. Rove and his attorney have apparently concluded that a public hearing room would not be appropriate. Unfortunately, I have no choice today but to compel his testimony on these very important matters." Rove's lawyer cited a letter from the Justice Department saying Rove is "constitutionally immune from compelled congressional testimony." He said Rove is willing to submit to an "informal interview" or to answer written questions about the prosecution of former Alabama Gov. Don Siegelman, whose ouster Rove is accused of orchestrating. "Threatening Mr. Rove with sanctions will not in any way expedite the resolution of the issue," Luskin wrote in a letter to the panel on Wednesday. Luskin noted in May that his client had already received a separate subpoena from the Senate Judiciary Committee. "While the [House] committee has the authority to issue a subpoena, it is hard to see what this will accomplish, apart from a 'Groundhog Day' replay of the same issues that are already the subject of litigation," the lawyer wrote, referring to a movie in which a person lives the same day over and over again. Luskin added that "issues of executive privilege and separation of powers" could limit Rove's testimony. In response, Conyers said the two committees are focusing on different matters, with the House committee delving into the prosecution of the former Alabama governor, a Democrat who lost his bid for re-election in 2002 and was convicted on corruption charges in 2006. Conyers also noted that other former White House officials have testified under subpoena in the past and have dealt with issues of executive privilege on a case-by-case basis. "Mr. Rove should follow the same course," he said. Rep. Lamar Smith of Texas, the top Republican on the House Judiciary Committee, called the subpoena "a sham." The Democratic-controlled Congress has been battling for months to force the White House to disclose information about the firing of the attorneys and the prosecution of Siegelman. Current and former White House aides have refused to testify, citing executive privilege. By . Nazia Parveen . PUBLISHED: . 03:13 EST, 25 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:47 EST, 25 September 2013 . A former teacher who was found dead at her home left a suicide note blaming a routine procedure carried out at a leading cosmetic surgery clinic for making her life ‘hell’. Victoria Meppen-Walter, 44, spiralled into depression after being left with what she described as ‘dreadful facial deformities’ when a mole was removed from her forehead. She took an overdose of pills after typing a note blaming her cosmetic surgeon for her impending death and asking that his name be engraved on her headstone as a reminder of her suffering. 'Suffering': Mrs Meppen-Walter, pictured on a family holiday in 2008, said that she was left unable to leave the house after she suffered pain and facial redness . Aftermath: Mrs Meppen-Walker with a plaster on her forehead following the procedure in September 2011 . Allegations: Mrs Meppen-Walter asked her husband for the surgeon's name to be included in the inscription on her gravestone . In a series of notes, Mrs . Meppen-Walter complained that she had been left with severe pain from . ‘burning flesh in the face, neck and chest’ and spoke of a ‘regular . stabbing pain’ in her forehead. She . said her life had become ‘hell’ because she was unable to leave her . home after her face was left so severely deformed that friends did not . recognise her. In her final note, which was addressed to her husband Ashley, 64, she wrote: ‘Life is for enjoyment not for endless suffering.’ The . letter, written in July, made requests for her funeral and said: ‘What I . would appreciate though is this inscription: “Died as a result of . malice caused by Dr [name blacked out] of Transform in Sep 2011.”’ But . the world-renowned Transform Clinic, in Altrincham, Greater Manchester, . said it provided a ‘high standard’ of care for Mrs Meppen-Walter and . the surgeon involved said he had successfully carried out many similar . procedures. Company . director Mr Meppen-Walter, who found the note at the family home in . Heywood, Greater Manchester, said his wife of 17 years ‘couldn’t take . any more’. Procedure: Mrs Meppen-Walter complained of 'endless suffering' after having moles removed in a procedure at the Transform Clinic in Cheshire . ‘It was only . supposed to be a 25-minute procedure,’ he said. ‘But during the . operation she said there was a lot of blood pouring from her head. A few . weeks after the procedure she realised she had been left with a scar. She presumed it would fade away in time but it didn’t. ‘She said she was in a lot of pain. She would sit there with her head in her hands and her eyes closed.’ Mr . Meppen-Walter, a father of three, said his wife began to lack . confidence and became a complete recluse following the surgery. Then she . began to talk about suicide. He . reported her missing on August 30 after she disappeared two days . earlier and he found her disturbing notes. Officers searched the house . but did not find a body. Her . body remained undiscovered for a further three days in an unused locked . front room of their £500,000 home. It was eventually found by Mr . Meppen-Walter’s son, who climbed in through a window. Initially . Mr Meppen-Walter, his 24-year-old daughter Ainsley and a man aged 24 . were arrested on suspicion of murder. They were released shortly . afterwards without charge. A spokesman for Transform said: ‘The . treatment we provided was of a high standard. It was apparent her issues . were more deep rooted than with the actual treatment and care we . provided.’ The surgeon who . carried out the procedure said Mrs Meppen-Walter had a form of skin . cancer. He also said she had been having psychiatric care and ‘we had to . get the police involved as she had been causing difficulty for members . of our staff and myself’. Mrs Meppen-Walter was the step-gran of former Manchester City player Courtney Meppen-Walter, who was jailed for 16 months after killing two people in a car crash. It's been dubbed the Swiss watch of the belt buckle world but if you want to give the man in your life this accessory for Christmas, you'll need to take out a second mortgage. The Roland Iten Calibre R822 Predator will set buyers back a staggering £350,000 - more than the average price of a house in Britain. It is made from 18-carat white gold and titanium and is adorned with 387 baguette-cut and round-cut diamonds, which total 14.15 carats. Scroll down for video . Swiss watch of belt buckles: The Roland Iten Calibre R822 Predator . Decadent: The buckle is made from 18-carat white gold and titanium and is adorned with 387 baguette-cut and round-cut diamonds . Only for the super rich: With a price tag of £350,000, it costs more than the average price of a house in Britain . The high tech accessory features 167 components, with all of the mechanisms self-cleaning. It has four complications including safety catches to minimise accidental release of the buckle. But despite the high price tag, anyone who can afford it will also have to spend extra money on a belt - as it is sold without the all-important leather strap. The accessory is designed by mechanical luxury brand 'for gentlemen', Roland Iten. It weighs 145g, with the gold making up 90g of this. Man behind the product: Swiss designer Roland Iten who has created his own brand of luxury products . Attention to detail: The designer said he's inspired by the mechanical age of the aeroplane and steam engine . On their website, the company states: 'Operating the Calibre R822 buckle is a veritable tactile pleasure, and it offers a simple, one-handed adjustment for two positions – looser, for driving or sitting, and tighter, for walking or playing sport. 'It is equipped with 16 (two rows of eight) self-cleaning track wheels that guide the ardillion slide precisely and securely, while a sprung ball bearing tensioner and dampener ensure smooth operation.' Just three of the belt buckles will be manufactured at the Geneva-based company, founded by Swiss designer Roland Iten. Exclusive: Only three of the expensive belt buckles will be made in Geneva . Strap not included: Despite the high price tag, you'll have to pay extra to make it into a belt . Intricate: The high tech accessory features 167 components, with all of the mechanisms self-cleaning . Avoid an embarrassing wardrobe malfunction: The buckle has four complications including safety catches to minimise accidental release of the buckle . He designed the world's first complicated mechanical belt buckle in 2003, inspired in his work by the mechanical age of the aeroplane and the steam engine. He explains on his brand's website how he wants all his products to be functional as well as beautiful. He said: 'When you know too much, you don't ask the questions which can ultimately breakthrough the obstacles of the product engineering process. I'm the guy next to the engineer telling him "it will work", all the time he's telling me "it's impossible". The initial design: Iten said he wants all his products to be functional as well as beautiful . Creating the masterpiece: One of Iten's designers gets to work assembling the buckle . 'It's really a very intimate way to make a product. Then comes the considerable refinement phase- sometimes it takes six months to put back the elegance which was in the original design.' If the Predator buckle is too expensive, Roland Iten also makes the entry-level Raptor - which costs £37,000. Time-consuming: It can take six months for Iten and his team to make his vision reality . Pioneer: Iten designed the world's first complicated mechanical belt buckle in 2003 . Extravagant: The buckle is made from 18-carat white gold . Perfectionist: Iten examines his creation . On your Christmas list? You might need to take out a second mortgage to afford it . By . James Rush . PUBLISHED: . 08:18 EST, 17 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 11:49 EST, 17 January 2014 . Sanah Younis could be scarred for life after suffering a severe reaction to a £10 temporary black henna tattoo . A mother fears her young daughter could be scarred for life after she suffered a severe reaction to a henna tatto while on holiday in Egypt. Sanah Younis, of Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, had the £10 temporary black henna tattoo on her forearm during a family break to Sharm El-Shikh over Christmas and New Year. Her mother Rehana Younis said she was told the tattoo was 'child-friendly' by the man selling it, but within days Sanah started to feel pain and her arm became inflamed. Doctors have told Mrs Younis her daughter's wounds may take years to heal. Mrs Younis, 31, said: 'When we were still on holiday it looked like Sanah just had sunburn on her arm but when we got home after the holiday it got more blistered. 'A few days later she went upstairs for a wash and I heard her screaming. I ran upstairs and she was in a lot of pain and crying. 'I rang the doctors and they said to take her to A&E. We went to hospital and the doctor knew what the reaction was straight away because she’d seen it before. 'The doctor has given us ointment which we are still putting on her arm but as far as I can see it’s not making any difference. The scar is still blistered and the pattern is still clear. Doctors have told Sanah's mother the wounds may take years to heal . 'They’ve told us to wait another week with the ointment and then to go to a specialist if there’s no change.' The mother-of-three is now warning other parents of the dangers. Henna is a natural plant extract which is often used without any ill effects to create temporary tattoos which are painted on to the body and fade away in under two weeks. But when henna, which is naturally red in colour, is mixed with black dye it can cause skin burns. It contains a chemical known as PPD which is known to cause severe allergic reactions. Some children are known to have been hospitalised after receiving the temporary tattoos and, in the most severe cases, sufferers can require plastic surgery. She said: 'The tattoos are offered everywhere and if you’ve got kids they keep asking. 'They’re offered on the beach, in hotels, everywhere. The man selling the tattoos told me it was child-friendly.' Black henna contains a chemical known as PPD which is known to cause severe allergic reactions. Sanah may also now have a lifelong sensitivity to hair dye. Mrs Younis said: 'We know now that these black henna tattoos contain the PPD chemical and people need to know they’re not safe and shouldn’t be used on children. 'She’s never had any allergies before but it was the PPD that did it.' She said Sanah was too ashamed to remove her cardigan in school fearing what the other children will say about the scars. Sanah's mother Rehana Younis is now warning other parents of the dangers of the temporary black henna tattoos . This is the tender moment when Pope Francis kissed a bandaged, poorly child in St Peter's Square at the Vatican during his weekly audience. It was a poignant gesture that those watching found very emotional. Every Wednesday, Pope Francis has made a habit of touring for approximately 30 minutes among the thousands of pilgrims who attend the weekly audience, blessing and shaking hands with various groups of people, and often receiving gifts. Blessed: This is the tender moment that Pope Francis kissed a poorly child in St Peter's Square . Tearful: It was a poignant gesture that those watching found very emotional . Every Wednesday, Pope Francis has made a habit of touring for approximately 30 minutes among the thousands of pilgrims who attend the weekly audience . Pope Francis kisses a child at the end of his weekly audience in Saint Peter's Square at the Vatican . Joy: The Pope laughs out loud as another child is presented to him . Several other children were also blessed by the Pope as he made his way around the Square including a little girl dressed in pink hat and a baby in a blue coat whose cheek he rubbed. The pictures emerged following the Pope's declaration that dialogue with Isis should always be on the table. He said yesterday that while it was 'almost impossible' to have a dialogue with Islamic State insurgents, the door should not be shut. 'I never say 'all is lost', never. Maybe there can't be a dialogue but you can never shut a door,' he told reporters on his plane returning from Strasbourg, France, where he addressed the European Parliament and the Council of Europe. 'It is difficult, one could say almost impossible, but the door is always open,' he said in response to a question about whether it would be possible to communicate with the militants. Ultra-radical Islamic State has captured thousands of square miles (km) of territory in Iraq and Syria, beheaded or crucified prisoners, massacred non-Sunni Muslim civilians in its path and displaced tens of thousands of people. The Iraqi government, backed by U.S.-led air strikes, has been trying to push back Islamic State, although Shi'ite Muslim militias and Kurdish peshmerga have helped contain the Sunni insurgents and repelled them in some provinces. Pope Francis repeated comments made earlier this year that while it was legitimate to fight an 'unjust aggressor', this had to be supported by an international consensus. The Pope's weekly audience in St Peter's Square is always very popular . The rain did nothing to dampen spirits at the weekly audience . Pope Francis is driven past people waving Chinese flags as he arrives for his weekly general audience on Wednesday . In good spirits: Pope Francis gives a high five to a child at the end of his weekly general audience . Pope Francis greeting a young child as tourists and pilgrims look on as he arrives in his Popemobile in St. Peter's Square on Wednesday . Pope Francis waves as he arrives to lead the weekly general audience . Adorable: A beaming Pope greets a boy from his Popemobile . The PSNI's Operation Reiner was set up last May to tackle the growing problem of hate crime in Northern Ireland. In the period to the end of January 2015, 383 racially motivated offences were recorded across the city; in the same period the previous year, 268 offences were recorded. A third of offences recorded last year in the city were in east Belfast. The figures come as police in north Belfast continue to investigate what they described as a racially motivated hate crime. A group of men attacked two houses and threatened residents at Mountcollyer Avenue in the Tiger's Bay area on Monday. A Polish woman living in one of the houses said she did not feel safe there. ACC Chris Noble said racist hate crimes account for a small percentage of overall crime, but officers recognised there is a "significant impact on the victim which can also have implications for the wider community". "A hate crime affects not only the victim but every member of the group that the victim represents," he said. He said police were working with a range of groups to enhance victim support and encourage greater levels of reporting, "but policing can only be as successful as the information and support we receive from the wider community". "There is a collective responsibility on everyone in Northern Ireland to make sure that people who choose to come to live and work here from different countries and cultures, who add value to Northern Irish society and economy, feel reassured and protected," he said. "We need communities to give us information about who might be involved in racist hate crime to ensure that we investigate these crimes as thoroughly as possible." Development of the robot, nicknamed Robojelly, is in the early stages but researchers hope it could eventually be used in underwater rescue operations. Writing inSmart Materials and Structures, Yonas Tadesse said the jellyfish's simple swimming action made it an ideal model for a vehicle. The fuel that the robot uses makes it unique, its inventors say. Lead author Dr Tadesse, from the University of Texas at Dallas, said: "To our knowledge, this is the first successful powering of an underwater robot using external hydrogen as a fuel source." A jellyfish moves using circular muscles in the inside of its umbrella-like bell. As they contract, the bell closes in on itself and ejects water to propel itself forward. When the muscles relax, the bell regains its original shape. To replicate this, the vehicle uses shape memory alloys - materials that "remember" their original shape. These are wrapped in carbon nanotubes - tiny "straws" of pure carbon that are renowned for their electrical properties - and coated with a platinum black powder. The robot is powered by heat-producing chemical reactions between the oxygen and hydrogen in water and the platinum on its surface. The heat from the reactions is transferred to the artificial muscles of the robot, and reshapes them. Currently, the jellyfish flexes its eight bell segments at the same time but there are plans to look at how to control each segment individually. This would mean the robot could be more closely controlled and move in different directions. The study was sponsored by the US Office of Naval Research, which invests in projects to benefit the US Navy and Marine Corps. The National Football League Players Association is negotiating a deal with the league to award $100 million to Harvard University over 10 years to study and treat players' injuries and illnesses, according to a proposal obtained by CNN. In the last few years, the perception of a typical NFL player has undergone a subtle shift: from lithe titans performing formidable feats on the field to men who may end their careers broken down, their brains addled by a mysterious concussion-related brain disease. But the real picture of the typical NFL player is much more complex, and the health problems run much deeper than concussion. According to the proposal, the funding would be used to "diagnose, treat and prevent" players' injuries and illnesses. "No one has ever studied these players before," said Dr. Lee Nadler, dean for clinical and translational research at Harvard Medical School and co-director of the proposed study. "There have been postmortem studies looking at the brains of previous players but not the players today." Nadler said that what distinguishes this study is that it will look at the "whole player across his whole life, not just the brain." The NFL said it looked forward to learning more about the study and hopes "it will play an important role in advancing medical science." "We have no higher priority than player health and safety at all levels of the game," it said in a statement. Seau had neurodegenerative brain disease, NIH finds . It is not just the brain that may be damaged after a long career on the playing field. By the end of their careers, NFL players may emerge with all sorts of injuries -- chronic pain, arthritis, joints needing replacement, depression, diabetes, heart problems and concussion-related dementia, among others -- so many they have become a cohort ripe for study. "Every player understands the risks associated with playing football," said Jason Witten, a tight end with the Dallas Cowboys, in a statement. "What we're trying to do as players through this research is to find ways to lead healthier lives. It's the most important thing we can do off the field." The proposed research project will be announced at the NFLPA annual Super Bowl press conference on Thursday in New Orleans. Members of the NFLPA say the proposed research is unprecedented in both scope and resources, at least as it relates to NFL player health. If the NFLPA successfully forges this agreement with the NFL, the funding would dwarf a $30 million donation made to the National Institutes of Health by the NFL last year. That study has a more specific focus on brain injury. "We have seen the condition of our players five, 10, 15, 20 years after they play," said George Atallah, a spokesman for the NFLPA. "Given the scope of health issues that NFL players are subject to, we are committed to making sure that enough money is allocated to get answers." Atallah added, "If this was strictly a concussion research program, the right number might not have been $100 million. It would have been much less." Scan may detect signs of NFL players' brain disease . The Harvard proposal focuses on studying a core group of 100 unhealthy players -- both current and retired -- and 100 healthy players. Those two groups will be drawn from an initial larger study group of 1,000 current and former players from across the United States. They will have played diverse positions and will have experienced diverse health problems. The initial group of 1,000 will participate in a series of baseline studies including cardiac function, testing for joint abnormalities and psychosocial tests. The players will also submit exhaustive playing and injury histories, spanning their entire football careers. From those preliminary data will emerge the 100 healthiest and least healthy players, who will then continue testing at Harvard over several years. Nadler said the focus will be on cross-institutional collaboration, with hundreds of scientists at Harvard potentially playing roles in the study. "When you're talking about NFL players, you're talking about people in the 99.99% of unusual," said Nadler. "These are superathletes who have skills that very few people have, and when you put them in extremely emotional and physical situations, those psychosocial stresses and physical stresses integrate." Questions linger about long-term impact of subtle hits to head . How those stresses coalesce and take shape over the course of long careers playing football is what Harvard researchers, and partners from other institutions, will be trying to pinpoint. "Typically, when we do a test or medical study, we're taking a snapshot," said Dr. Herman Taylor, principal investigator of the Jackson Heart Study at the University of Mississippi Medical Center and one of the scientists enlisted from outside Harvard. "What we want to do is see the full-length movie of what happens to a player over time. "How is it that two men that play the same position for the same number of years have vastly different lives after playing? Not everyone suffers from the same types of problems, and not everything can be explained by simple repetitive traumas." Ideas floated for study include using advanced scanning techniques and genetics to fuel knowledge about who is most at risk for head injury, finding ways to regrow knee ligaments in a lab, identifying injury prevention strategies such as new drugs or new helmets, and addressing ethical issues surrounding player injuries. "One of the broader aims of the research is conflicts of interest when you have a patient who will do anything to get back on the field and a doctor who works for and is paid by a club," said Sean Sansiveri, NFLPA staff counsel. The holistic focus of the research does not obviate the importance of concussion, said Sansiveri. Work on concussion will be a major focus, "but there are a lot of unique issues that our guys face within a unique context ... other ailments and diagnoses that are prevalent in the football population." Funding for the study will come from the players' portion of league revenues, currently being negotiated between the NFL and the Players Association. The exact figure to be allocated for the study is still to be determined, according to Atallah, and most likely will not be finalized until after the Super Bowl. The absence of a finalized plan has not stopped the NFLPA from imagining what a successful study could mean, not just for NFL players but for athletes in other sports. "If this $100 million of research would have caused a groundbreaking discovery in one critical area of a player's life or health, then we would have succeeded," said Atallah. "Whether it's an ACL issue or a mental health issue or a concussion issue, if we find one solution to any of those things we're studying, it would have been a success." Ex-NFL stars after concussion: Lives unraveled . By . Jack Doyle . PUBLISHED: . 18:00 EST, 23 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 04:35 EST, 24 May 2013 . More than 1,200 additional police officers took to the streets last night amid heightened fears of further violence targeted at the Muslim community by far-Right groups. Officers were guarding 'key locations' in London, including religious venues and transport hubs, Metropolitan Police assistant commissioner Mark Rowley said. Leave for officers has been cancelled following ugly scenes in Woolwich involving the English Defence League and a spate of attacks on mosques elsewhere in England on Wednesday night. Scroll down for video . Far-right group, English Defence League leader, Tommy Robinson, left, with EDL supporters outside The Queens Arms public house in Woolwich, south east London . English Defence League supporters clashed with police near Woolwich Arsenal railway station just hours after the bloody attack on Lee Rigby. A group of around 250 men gathered at The Queen's Arms pub in Burrage Road, where they sang nationalist songs. The mob then began throwing missiles at police officers, who responded with baton charges, witnesses said. Elsewhere, a 43-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of attempted arson and possession of an offensive weapon after walking into a mosque with a knife and an explosive device in Braintree, Essex. The secretary of the mosque, Sikander Saleemy, said it was 'some sort of revenge attack'. He added: 'We absolutely condemn what happened in Woolwich, but it had nothing to do with us. 'It was an appalling act of terror – but it wasn't Islamic in any way. I wish it wasn't described like that, because sadly people will now start to blame Muslims.' Another man was arrested for racially aggravated criminal damage at a mosque in Gillingham on Wednesday, and eggs were thrown at the Islamic centre in Lewisham, south-east London. The EDL clash with police in Woolwich, south-east London after two men where shot by armed police after soldier was hacked to death with machetes in terrorst attack . The mob then began throwing missiles at police officers, who responded with baton charges, witnesses said . English Defence League supporters clashed with police near Woolwich Arsenal railway station just hours after the bloody attack on Lee Rigby . In Bolton, a mosque was vandalised with slogans such as 'Islam = evil' and 'terrorist training camp'. David Cameron said Britain would be 'absolutely resolute in its stand against violent extremism and terror'. He added: 'We will never give in to terror – or terrorism – in any of its forms. This view is shared by every community in our country.' EDL leader Stephen Lennon said: 'They're chopping our soldiers' heads off. This is Islam. That's what we've seen. 'Our next generation are being taught through schools that Islam is a religion of peace. It's not. It never has been. 'What you saw is Islam. Everyone's had enough. There has to be a reaction, for the Government to listen, for the police to listen, to understand how angry the British public are.' Wojciech Szczesny is excited about the competition for Arsenal's No 1 jersey this season after the club signed David Ospina from Nice. Ospina moved to the Emirates in July after shining for Colombia as they reached the quarter-finals of the World Cup in Brazil. Szczesny says that after Lukasz Fabianski joined Swansea when his contract expired it was inevitable that Arsene Wenger would strengthen in that position during the current transfer window. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Arteta expecting great season . Relishing the competition: Arsenal's number one in action during training ahead of the new season . Battle to be number one: Szczesny has said the arrival of David Ospina has not faze him in the slightest . 'I love a challenge,' the Polish shot-stopper told Arsenal.com. 'I was expecting someone to come because Lukasz has left for Swansea and I wish him all the best. I knew someone would come in. I'm just going to do the same thing over again, I'm going to try my best in every game and every week in training. Hopefully that will be enough.' Szczesny, who played in Sunday's Emirates Cup defeat to Monaco, thinks the first-team squad are reaching the right level of fitness ahead of the new Premier League campaign. 'It would have been nice to win a cup that we play at home, but that's not what we talk about in pre-season,' he said. 'We want to prepare and make sure we are at our very best at the weekend [in the Community Shield] and then against Crystal Palace in [the Premier League]. 'Last year we had a long pre-season and we played a lot of games in Asia. This year is completely different but I think everyone is looking sharper every single day.' Pedigree: Ospina was first choice for Colombia at the World Cup as they made it to the quarter-finals . Safe hands: The 25-year-old put in some fine performances for Jose Pekerman's side during the tournament . The 24-year-old is confident that by signing the likes of Ospina, Alexis Sanchez and Mathieu Debuchy, the club can push on from their performances last season, during which they won the FA Cup, their first trophy in nine years. 'We were close to being right near the top last year in the Premier League and we managed to win the FA Cup. This year we added some players and we're looking stronger. The confidence is flying high and hopefully this year we can challenge for the Premier League.' VIDEO Arteta expecting great season . Media playback is not supported on this device But the tagline - Alter Your Reality - could easily be used to promote the fight between Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather, which will dominate the sporting landscape this weekend. Thus far it has engendered a mix of intrigue and revulsion from observers. Whether you like it or not, this is a sporting event that cannot be ignored. Las Vegas is a city that constantly beguiles visitors into altering their perceptions - and, at times, their common sense - in a haze of hedonistic pleasures. Mayweather v McGregor, with its unabashed glorification of money, image and bravado, fits perfectly within the daily excesses of the world's gambling capital. Saturday's fight will pit a man widely considered one of the greatest exponents of his sport against a mixed martial artist who has never boxed professionally. The outcome should be simple to determine, no matter McGregor's mantra and hubristic claim he is ready to "shock the world". But remember this is Vegas. And many believe McGregor's sleight of hand against an ageing Mayweather could provide a major upset. It will be no illusion if he does win, ranking as one of the greatest shocks in sporting history. The debate as to who will triumph will sway back and forth in the coming days - pumped up, no doubt, by yet more hateful invective from the two chief protagonists. The true verdict can only be delivered in the ring, in what is likely to be the richest fight in boxing history. Media playback is not supported on this device Tickets for the venue have not yet sold out - but with an expected five million pay-per-view purchases, the cash will cascade in from those sitting watching at home and at venues around the world. The smell of money permeates the Las Vegas strip at the best of times. This week, the stench is inescapable. Both fighters and their camps have been candid in admitting the contest is all about the cash. However, the language they have used to boost their mega pay day has been disgraceful. A five-city publicity tour in July became a nauseating race to the bottom as each man tried to find fresh insults to hurl at one another. Homophobic put-downs, and racially motivated slurs and stereotypes have soured the build-up to this contest. It was difficult not to wince when McGregor turned to his opponent on the final leg of the tour at Wembley and told him to "dance for me, boy". However, both men are equally culpable given their behaviour. Dana White, the UFC president who is representing McGregor, believes it is all justified. "It's funny when people say they've taken this thing too far," he said. "This is a fight, not a croquet game. This part of the deal; the reality is what's going on here is just as much part of the fight as the fight itself, the mental warfare game." It is at this point the true reality of this contest has not been altered but frankly obliterated. Context is everything and this fight is not taking place in a vacuum. The US is scarred and still reeling from recent events in Charlottesville, Virginia, where white supremacists marched with burning torches and gave Nazi salutes. It is a country still deeply fractured along racial lines. It is a country where prejudice - and the fight against it in all its forms - is a near constant part of the national conversation. In their own small way, both Mayweather and McGregor, with every hateful word uttered, are expanding the pool of division that already exists in this country. Surely sport should be the place where differences can be set aside? This contest provides an opportunity for examples to be set but it has, so far, been wasted. Trash talk and one-upmanship is one thing. It has always been a part of prize fighting. Language that divides and excludes - that seemingly legitimises homophobic, sexist and racist behaviour - is something else entirely. They certainly aren't the first boxers to trade in such terms. Though both men later apologised, Manny Pacquaio shamefully called people in same-sex marriages "worse than animals", while Tyson Fury expressed a Neanderthal view that a woman's best place is "on her back or in the kitchen". The truth is boxing offers girls and boys a chance to build self-esteem, to train and dedicate themselves to a higher goal. It provides hope, and often an escape, for many. You just have to listen to Mike Costello and Steve Bunce's recent podcast from the burnt-out Grenfell Tower to see what boxing can do for a community. The building housed a gym with volunteer coaches, all unpaid, giving their time and knowledge to help transform lives. The hope is it can rise again. But some of the most powerful men at the top of the sport have failed time and again to see the gift they possess to inspire and encourage everyone, of all backgrounds, to get involved. Mayweather and McGregor, cosseted in their elite world of Lamborghinis, Louis Vuitton luggage and flashy Las Vegas nightspots, appear to have forgotten this too. Their humble beginnings at gyms in Michigan and Dublin respectively should serve as a reminder of the chances they were provided with. Their respective combat sports have given them untold riches. This week their bank accounts will swell further. With no boxing federation overseeing the bout and the Nevada State Athletic Commission - which sanctioned the fight - refusing to get involved, both Mayweather and McGregor can act however they wish. Even the UFC, in which McGregor made his name, has allowed the Irishman's actions to go unchecked of late. His volatile behaviour before recent events has seen him throw bottles and even try to hurl a chair at an opponent. There is arguably a responsibility for the two most recognisable figures in combat sports to be more guarded with their words and to realise they are custodians; to extol the virtues of the sport that has given them everything. Their most dangerous weapons, it seems, are not their fists but their tongues. No-one expects them to be angels - the true, unaltered reality this week is they have a fight to sell and money to make. And on Saturday a truly intriguing sporting contest will take place. However, the orgy of excess that surrounds it threatens to further sully a sport that right now needs all the help it can get to maintain popularity and relevance. What happens in Vegas should, according to the old saying, stay in Vegas. Hopefully that also applies to the hateful rhetoric of this unavoidable fight. Its shares closed at 309 yen, higher by just 0.3%, after rising as much as 10% in early trade on Tuesday. Renesas has been struggling and the bailout was seen as key to its plans to revive its business. However, analysts said investors were sceptical about whether the firm would be able to restructure its operations. The firm has announced a restructuring programme that includes job cuts and a change of focus. "They are waiting to see the end result of all this funding and the restructuring," Gerhard Fasol of Eurotechnology Japan told the BBC. "They have never gone through a fundamental restructuring since their formation, so there is some nervousness with the investors." The bailout is being funded by a government-backed entity as well as some of the Renesas's key customers. According to Renesas, Innovation Network Corporation of Japan, the government-backed fund and the biggest contributor to the bailout, will pick up a 69% stake in the firm. The key Renesas clients which are a part of the bailout - including Toyota, Nissan, Cannon and Panasonic - will also take stakes with Toyota owning 2.5% and Nissan 1.5% of the company. "The fact that clients are putting up money is positive, since it means Renesas will be able to gain some business from them," said Akira Minamikawa, vice president at IHS iSuppli in Tokyo. Renesas, one of the biggest chipmakers in the world, has been hurt by a variety of factors over the past few years. It has faced increased competition from rivals, as well as a slowing global demand - the combination of which has seen a drop in chip prices and hurt profitability. A strong Japanese currency - which makes its products more expensive to foreign buyers - has further added to its woes. In a bid to turn around its fortunes, Renesas had previously said that it will move away from the production of system chips, used in televisions, mobile phones and personal computers. It said it will shift its focus on developing more advanced microcontroller chips - which are mainly used in cars - and a segment in which it enjoys 27% share of the global market. As it announced the bailout deal, Renesas affirmed that a large part of the new funding will be used to strengthen its microcontroller chip division. "The cornerstone of investment in automotive semiconductor solutions will be sustaining future growth of automotive microcontroller units, for which we already have by far the leading global share," the firm said. Renesas said it will use the funds to develop new products and to improve the efficiency of current production processes to boost profits. Image copyright Reuters Image caption Daniel Kristensen with debris from the wreck of the World War Two aircraft When Klaus Kristiansen tried to bring his son's history homework to life, he probably wasn't expecting the boy to unearth a buried World War Two warplane. Or for excited TV crews, forensic police and explosives experts to descend on his family's farm in Birkelse, Denmark. But that's exactly what happened when 14-year-old Daniel Rom Kristiansen found the remains of a German Messerschmitt plane, and its pilot, in an unremarkable field. According to Mr Kristiansen, his grandfather once told him that a plane had crashed there in November 1944. He told Danish news station DR P4 Nordjylland: "When my son Daniel was recently given homework about World War Two, I jokingly told him to go out and find the plane that is supposed to have crashed out in the field." Father and son joined forces with a metal detector, but never expected to find anything. Mr Kristiansen, an agricultural worker, believed the wreckage had been removed years before. But then, a telltale beeping on a patch of boggy ground. The pair began digging, but realised they needed to go deeper. They borrowed an excavator from a neighbour, and around four to six metres down, the plane's carcass began to reveal itself. Image copyright Scanpix Denmark/Henning Bagger via Reuters Image caption The field where the wreckage came to light Their haul included an engine from the Bf 109 Messerschmitt plane, Luftwaffe munitions, and the bones of a crew member who died in the crash. "In the first moment it was not a plane," Mr Kristiansen told the BBC. "It was maybe 2,000 - 5,000 pieces of a plane. And we found a motor... then suddenly we found parts of bones, and parts from [the pilot's] clothes. "And then we found some personal things - books, a wallet with money... Either it was a little Bible or it was Mein Kampf - a book in his pocket. We didn't touch it, we just put it in some bags. A museum is now taking care of it. I think there's a lot of information in those papers." Realising they had found something extraordinary, the farmer contacted World War Two historians and the Danish authorities. Mr Kristiansen said the field was being used "for grass, or cattle". His family has worked on the land where the plane was concealed for decades, oblivious to its secrets. He himself has lived there for 40 years. "We had never seen anything on the surface," he says simply. "Not a single bit of metal. "He was telling a lot of stories, my grandfather. Some of them were not true, and some of them were true - but this one was true. Maybe I should have listened to him a bit more when he was alive!" North Jutland Police have now closed the crash site for investigation. As ammunition was found with the plane, bomb disposal experts are on hand to remove it safely. Forensic police are working to recover the dead airman's remains, and hope to identify him in due course. "Probably there is a pilot who will be buried now in Germany," Mr Kristiansen says. "I would hope so." As for Daniel... he has handed in his history homework, but hopes to update it when the details of the stricken plane - and the man who fell with it - come to light at last. ||||| The North Jutland field where the crashed WW2 plane was found. Photo: Henning Bagger/Scanpix A boy in the North Jutland town of Birkelse made an unexpected discovery when doing his history homework. Daniel Rom Kristiansen uncovered the wreckage - as well as the remains of the pilot - after being told by his father to ‘go out and find the plane that is supposed to have crashed in the field’. Klaus Kristiansen told local news station DR P4 Nordjylland that his grandfather once mentioned that a German plane had crashed in the fields behind their farm during the Second World War. “When my son Daniel was recently given homework about World War II, I jokingly told him to go out and find the plane that is supposed to have crashed out in the field,” said agricultural worker Kristiansen. The schoolboy and his dad promptly headed into the fields with a metal detector - initially just for fun, since Kristiansen believed that the wreckage had long since been removed. But the pair then began finding bits of wreckage. “We tried carefully digging with a trencher. More and more parts came up and the further we went, the more we found,” Kristiansen said to DR. After the amateur excavation turned up the remains of bones, the authorities were called, reports broadcaster DR. Police, bomb disposal experts and even German embassy representatives all arrived at the scene. “We also found documents and papers in the pockets of some clothes,” Kristiansen explained. The father and son that discovered the aircraft. Photo: Henning Bagger/Scanpix The aircraft discovered by the Kristiansens is a Messerschmidt Bf 109, a model used in large numbers by the Luftwaffe during World War II. Kristiansen told DR that his family had worked on the land where the fighter plane was found for “20-30 years” without have any idea of the secret under the ground. “Luckily my son has something to write about in his assignment now. He’s actually been given the day off school today so that he can watch the police and bomb disposal people working. It’s quite exciting for all of us,” said Kristiansen. ||||| By . Rachel Quigley . UPDATED: . 05:02 EST, 29 June 2011 . Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin has said that she still has not made up her mind whether or not to run for President ahead of next year's elections. The 47-year-old spoke with reporters last night in . the small Iowa town of Pella, where she and her husband attended . the first public screening of a film about her rise in politics, called The Undefeated, and she dismissed comments from her daughter that she's made up her mind about running. Her daughter, Bristol, had said in an earlier television interview that her mother had made up her mind - but Mrs Palin, who lost to Barack Obama three years ago, says that's inaccurate. Scroll down for video . Meet-and-greet: Sarah Palin says hello to supporters during a BBQ after the screening of The Undefeated . The 47-year-old waves to the crowd in Pella, Iowa, while one fan shows his affection with pen and paper . Promotional poster: The Undefeated charts Palin's rise from Wasilla mayor to Alaska governor in what is described as a 'zero-warts' version of her progress through the political ranks . Praising: Stephen K. Bannon's documentary The Undefeated will premiere tonight and is known to paint the former governor in a very favourable light . Despite the airing of the film, which . has prompted speculation that she will run again in 2012, she says . deciding to run for President . is a 'tough decision' and she's not ready to announce her intentions. A throng of supporters chanted her . name and urged her to run for President outside the Pella Opera House, . where roughly 350 people packed the theatre. Stephen K. Bannon's documentary chronicles Palin's life and her progress through the ranks of government. It is said to be a flattering portrait of her time on the McCain campaign and her rise as a national heroine to the tea party. The Former Alaska Governor signs autographs at the screening, while one elderly fan proudly holds her ticket . Former colleague: John Bitney is interviewed for Broomfield's documentary in which he describes Palin as being 'frustrating' and 'engaged' Reports have already been circulating . that the former Alaska governor and her aides were inviting prominent . Republicans from the state to meet with her after the screening. But Palin's political action committee already denied the reports as well as Republican operatives in Iowa. One told ABC news: 'Not only have I . not heard from Governor Palin regarding meetings, I am unaware of anyone . who has been contacted regarding private meetings.' Scathing: English director Nick Broomfield will be showing his as-yet-untitled documentary to buyers this weekend . It was on a Politico blog with the . headline 'Sarah Palin team reaching out to Iowa activists for meetings' that former Iowa GOP executive director and prominent conservative Chuck . Laudner told Politico that a 'Palin backer' contacted him about . attending a mingling session after the film. Several other prominent GOP activists also told Real Clear Politics that they had not been contacted regarding potential sit-downs with Palin while she is visiting the important early nominating state. The majority of the documentary details Palin's early political career using old news archives and interviews with conservatives and Palin allies such as Thomas Van Flein, now a Capitol Hill staffer. The movie opens with a photo montage and home videos showing Palin as a young girl and in her early teens. The million-dollar project is set for national release in July. Palin is said to have already seen a rough cut of the movie. In a statement released by the movie's distributor, the 47-year-old said she looks 'forward to seeing the finished film for the first time with fellow Americans from the heartland'. The Undefeated is not the only documentary about the possible presidential candidate. British filmmaker Nick Broomfield is shopping a documentary that examines Palin's life and rise to prominence through interviews with her parents, friends, and colleagues. It is thought that the filmmaker has painted a scathing portrait of Palin. American filmmaker Stephen Bannon has put together a flattering portrait of Palin which is said to present her as a Joan of Arc-like figure. He relies on interviews with her allies in Alaska and sympathetic conservative commentators in an unapologetic defence of Palin. It charts her rise from Wasilla mayor to Alaska governor in what is described as a 'zero-warts' version of her rise through the political ranks and borrows heavily from her autobiography Going Rogue. Palin is portrayed as a national heroine, beset by vicious left-wing enemies seeking to thwart her heroic attempts to revive Reagan's conservative legacy. It incorporates previously unseen footage from her childhood and early years as an elected official with the end focusing on her as a tea party hero who is 'the type of leader this country needs'. The Undefeated shows her as a Republican operating outside the party's traditional men's club power structure and questions the manhood of GOP leaders for not defending her after the 2008 election. It will be premiered in Iowa tonight and open nationwide on July 15. English filmmaker Nick Broomfield has vowed to unveil the 'real' Sarah Palin in his as-yet-untitled film about her. It is said to examine her life and rise to prominence through interviews with her parents, friends and colleagues. In a preview from the clip ex-legislative director John Bitney and ex-Senate president Lyda Green complain about her habit of using her Blackberry during meetings. Bitney said that it was 'frustrating' to set up a meeting with her saying she was 'just very unengaged in the conversation' and often 'just wasn't listening'. Green also reiterates this saying: 'I never felt that Sarah was ever connected to the business in the building. She generally had her two Blackberries and was texting most of the time.' The influential U.S. independent film producer Cassian Elwes last week tweeted: 'Just saw Nick Broomfield's film on Sarah Palin. Wow. Its going to change the presidential race.' It is due to be screened in Los Angeles next week for potential buyers . Palin has yet to give any definitive indication as to whether or not she intends to enter the 2012 presidential race but appearing in Iowa will undoubtedly excite her supporters. Michelle Bachmann launched her campaign in the state yesterday and President Obama is also speaking to voters in the first in the nation caucus state. Last week, in response to rumours that she shut down her One Nation bus tour and ditched plans of a presidential bid, Palin took to Facebook to assert that she plans to get back on the road this summer. She revealed that her plans had been delayed by her being called for jury duty. According to her website, after Iowa she is helping her daughter Bristol sign copies of her memoir Not Afriad of Life: My Journey So Far, before going back to Alaska for duty. Lt-Gen Kuldeep Singh Brar was stabbed in an attack by four men in Old Quebec Street, near Oxford Street, on Sunday. The woman and seven men who were arrested are being questioned at police stations in central and west London. A further two men and one woman, from the West Midlands, were arrested earlier this week. They were still in police custody on Friday. Another three people have been arrested on immigration matters unrelated to the attempted murder investigation. Following the attack, Mr Brar was taken to hospital with a neck wound and has since been discharged. He led the 1984 raid on Sikhism's holiest shrine, which saw hundreds die when troops flushed Sikh separatist militants out of the Golden Temple in Amritsar in Punjab state. He is thought still to be a target for extremist Sikhs, but the identity of his attackers is unclear. Tweet with a location You can add location information to your Tweets, such as your city or precise location, from the web and via third-party applications. You always have the option to delete your Tweet location history. Learn more ||||| Focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow (as opposed to broad or wide) web crawls, often focused on a single domain or subdomain. ||||| After Girls writer and executive producer Murray Miller was accused of sexual assault by actress Aurora Perrineau, Lena Dunham and Jenni Konner issued a statement in support of their long-time co-worker, describing Perrineau’s accusation as “one of the 3 percent of assault cases that are misreported every year.” This prompted such outrage that Dunham and Konner issued a second statement apologizing for the first, and saying, “We regret this decision with every fiber of our being.” Now, a writer for Dunham’s Lenny Letter is publicly walking away from the online publication, citing what she calls the writer-actress-producer-activist’s “well-known racism.” Author Zinzi Clemmons says that she has known Dunham since their college years, and that the two share overlapping social circles. During that time, Clemmons says she “avoided those people like the plague because of their racism,” adding, “I’d call their strain ‘hipster-racism,’ which typically uses sarcasm as a cover.” She cites her relationship with her editors as the reason she has stayed at Lenny until now, but says that Dunham’s reaction to the accusations made by Perrineau pushed her to leave the newsletter. “As a result of Lena Dunham’s statements, I have decided that I will no longer write for Lenny Letter. For all you writers who are outraged about what she did, I encourage you to do the same. Especially women of color.” You can read Clemmons’s full statement below via Twitter. My statement on why I will no longer write for @lennyletter, and the behavior I witnessed firsthand from @lenadunham's friends. It is time for women of color--black women in particular--to divest from Lena Dunham. pic.twitter.com/dxOWCLhTpA — zinziclemmons (@zinziclemmons) November 19, 2017 ||||| We've detected that JavaScript is disabled in your browser. Would you like to proceed to legacy Twitter? Yes ||||| Writer Zinzi Clemmons, author of What We Lose, has announced that she will no longer be writing for Lena Dunham and Jenni Konner’s online feminist weekly newsletter Lenny Letter because, she says, of Dunham and her friends’ racism which was “well-known” prior to their fame. “She cannot have our words if she cannot respect us,” she writes. Because let’s take a step back, says Clemmons. She’s currently in Nigeria at a literary festival hearing stories from women who are “putting themselves in danger every day to help women in some of the worst conditions on earth.” She reminds us to consider the 26 Nigerian girls who drowned last week while being sex trafficked off the coast of Italy. With that in mind, here’s what she has to say about Dunham: Jemima Kirke was in my year at RISD while I was at Brown [Ed note: the campus is next door]. We had many mutual acquaintances and still do. Most of these acquaintances were like Lena–wealthy, with parents who are influential in the art world. They had a lot of power and seemed to get off on simultaneously wielding it and denying it. Back in college, I avoided these people like the plague because of their well-known racism. I’d call their strain “hipster racism”, which typically uses sarcasm as a cover, and in the end, it looks a lot like gaslighting– “It’s just a joke. Why are you overreacting?” is a common response to a lot of these statements. In Lena’s circle, there was a girl who was known to use the N word in conversation in order to be provocative, and if she was ever called on it, she would say “it’s just a joke.” Advertisement Clemmons adds that she was “horrified” to hear Aurora Perrineau’s accusation of sexual assault by Girls writer Murray Miller–which Dunham baselessly rejected–because it mirrored an assault a friend of hers experienced at the hands of another member of Lena’s circle. “I grew up middle class, with no family connections in the writing or art worlds, and my friend was from a similar background. We were powerless against them.” Her takeaway is sobering and obvious but invariably, relentlessly upstaged. Thank you. This is grounding. ||||| Get the latest Philly.com Daily Headlines newsletter delivered to your email. Sign up now! Sean Benschop, center, with red jacket over his head, walks with investigators as he arrives at the Philadelphia Police Department's Central Detectives Division, Saturday June 8, 2013, in Center City Philadelphia. Benschop, the heavy equipment operator with a lengthy rap sheet accused of being high on marijuana when a downtown building collapsed onto a thrift store, killing six people, turned himself in on Saturday to face charges in the deaths, police said. (AP Photo/ Joseph Kaczmarek) The excavator operator charged in the deaths of six people at a Salvation Army thrift store in Center City turned himself in to police Saturday. Sean Benschop, 43, refused to give a statement on his role in Wednesday’s collapse, choosing instead to exercise his Fifth Amendment right to remain silent. He will be arraigned, police said — it’s unclear when — and an investigation will continue, they said. Benschop’s arrival at Central Detectives headquarters, just off the Benjamin Franklin Parkway on North 21st Street, capped several days of scrutiny surrounding the Hunting Park resident. He was charged with six counts of involuntary manslaughter, 13 counts of recklessly endangering another person, and one count of risking a catastrophe, police said. At the time of the collapse, he was working for Griffin T. Campbell, the contractor hired by property owner Richard C. Basciano to tear down a four-story building next to the thrift store. On Wednesday, the remaining portion of that building collapsed during demolition and fell onto the store. There were 20 people inside. Salvation Army employees Kimberly Finnegan and Borbor Davis and shoppers Juanita Harmon, Mary Simpson, Anne Bryan, and Roseline Conteh were killed. Fourteen others were injured. One survivor, Myra Plekan, spent more than 12 hours in the rubble before she was rescued by firefighters. Sunday at noon, experts retained by the law firm Saltz Mongeluzzi Barrett & Bendesky will be inspecting the site for evidence. The firm filed suit against the owner and contractor on behalf of Nadine White, a Salvation Army store clerk who survived. According to a toxicology report, Benschop, of the 4900 block of North Seventh Street, had marijuana in his system at levels showing "he was unfit to perform safety-sensitive, job-related duties." The report found it "reasonably scientifically certain" that Benschop was an "active recent user of marijuana." Benschop has a long criminal record, with 11 arrests and 16 Traffic Court convictions. He served two terms in prison on drug charges in the 1990s. U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials sought to deport him to his native Guyana in 2005, but an immigration judge allowed him to remain in the country, according to an ICE official. The agency sought to remove Benschop because of his convictions on drug charges, said the official, who asked not to be identified because he was not authorized to release the information. He declined to say why the judge rejected the request, noting that such details of cases are confidential. The hearing occurred in York, according to another source familiar with the proceedings. The case was not unusual. ICE routinely moves to deport immigrants who have been convicted of crimes in this country. Contact Aubrey Whelan at 610-313-8112, awhelan@philly.com, or follow on Twitter @aubreyjwhelan. Inquirer staff writers Andrew Seidman and John Martin contributed to this report. ||||| A heavy equipment operator accused of being high on marijuana when a downtown building collapsed onto a thrift store, killing six people, turned himself in on Saturday to face charges in the deaths, police said. In this photo provided by Jordan McLaughlin, a dust cloud rises as people run from the scene of a building collapse on the edge of downtown Philadelphia on Wednesday, June 5, 2013. Buoyed by the discovery... (Associated Press) A warrant had been issued for the arrest of Sean Benschop on six counts of involuntary manslaughter, 13 counts of recklessly endangering another person and one count of risking a catastrophe. Authorities believe the 42-year-old Benschop had been using an excavator Wednesday when the remains of the four-story building gave way and toppled onto an attached Salvation Army thrift store, killing two employees and four customers and injuring 13 others. Deputy Mayor Everett Gillison told The Associated Press on Friday evening that a toxicology report showed evidence that Benschop was high on marijuana. That finding, combined with witness statements and evidence from the scene, led to the decision Friday to raid his North Philadelphia home and later seek an arrest warrant, he said. Benschop didn't return phone messages left at numbers listed in his name, though he told The Philadelphia Inquirer on Thursday that he couldn't comment because of the investigation. Benschop, who also goes by the name Kary Roberts, has been arrested at least 11 times since 1994 on charges ranging from drugs to theft to weapons possession, according to court records. He was twice sentenced to prison in the 1990s after being convicted on drug trafficking charges. Benschop's last arrest, on a charge of aggravated assault, came in January 2012, but the case was dismissed for lack of evidence. As the criminal investigation heated up, at least two survivors sued the demolition contractor and building owner, alleging gross recklessness at the job site. The city, meanwhile, promised to crack down on the demolition industry. "We can do much better," Mayor Michael Nutter said at a news conference Friday. "We will not accept the status quo in the face of this tragedy." Nutter's reform plan for construction sites includes random drug testing on heavy equipment operators. The mayor also pledged to adopt tougher background requirements for demolition contractors, including information about each worker's experience, and more frequent site inspections when demolitions are under way. His plan could run into resistance from builders who say they are already highly regulated. "I think that before we do anything, before we rush to any judgment about how to fix what happened, we have to have all the facts," said Steven Lakin, executive managing director of the General Building Contractors Association, a trade group representing Philadelphia-area contractors. Lawyers for the two survivors who have sued accuse demolition contractor Griffin Campbell _ who has a criminal background and has filed for bankruptcy twice _ of violating federal safety regulations. They say building owner Richard Basciano should have picked a more qualified and competent contractor to do the work. No one answered the phone at a listing for Campbell on Saturday, and the voice mailbox was full. Construction engineers have said the thrift store should have been evacuated during critical phases of the demolition project next door. The Salvation Army was concerned enough about the demolition that its attorneys reached out to a lawyer for building owner STB Investments Corp., a company linked to Basciano. ___ Rubinkam reported from northeastern Pennsylvania. Associated Press writer Keith Collins contributed to this report. ||||| Fifteen British soldiers were buried in northern France today - close to the spot where they were cut down by German machine gun fire exactly 100 years ago. Proud descendants of the First World War Tommies attended a hugely moving ceremony in the village of Bois-Grenier, near Armentieres, on the Belgium border. All the men served with the York and Lancaster regiment, and were killed in an October 1914 offensive during the so-called 'Race to the Sea'. Their remains were finally found five years ago during building work between the nearby villages of Beaucamps Ligny and Radinghem, and 11 were identified through DNA. Members of the 4th Battalion The Yorkshire Regiment stand over a coffin holding the remains of a World War One soldier during the re-burial ceremony . The 15 soldiers died exactly 100 years ago during a desperate military manoeuvre designed to trap the Germans . Prayers are read out for one of the fallen soldiers, as British military personnel prepare to lower the coffin into the ground . The identities of 11 of the soldiers were discovered by DNA testing with living relatives . Solemn: British Soldiers carry the casket of a World War I soldier during the re-burial ceremony in Bois-Grenier . Charles Warr (left) and Lance Corporal William Henry Warr were both remembered today when they were laid to rest. The brothers were killed just 10 miles apart and 12 days apart. Charles, was killed in action on 30 October, 1914, at Festubert with the 1st Battalion the Devonshire Regiment . Relative Janet Greatwood, from Somerset, holds a photo of two family members who were killed during World War I - her great uncles Charles Warr (left) and Lance Corporal William Henry Warr . A British soldier prepares to present the flag from the casket of a World War I soldier . A padre blesses the coffins containing the remains of the 15 soldiers. All the men served with the York and Lancaster regiment, and were killed in an October 1914 offensive during the so-called 'Race to the Sea' Veterans and serving members of the military sing a hymn at the ceremony . Veterans lay wreaths next to the coffins in a hugely moving ceremony on the Belgian border . Members of the 4th Battalion The Yorkshire Regiment carry the remains of a World War One soldier at Y-Farm Cemetery, as family members look on . Those who have been positively identified and whose surviving family members have been traced are: Private Herbert Ernest Allcock, Private John Brameld, Private William Butterworth, Corporal Francis Carr Dyson, Private Walter Ellis, Private John Willie Jarvis, Private Leonard Arthur Morley, Private Ernest Oxer, Private John Richmond, Private William Alfred Singyard and Lance Corporal William Henry Warr. On a bright, clear morning today, a bugle played the Last Post, as all were buried with full military honours. Referring to Private John Richmond, one of those buried, his great nephew, Barrie Richmond, said: 'I got this letter saying they matched the DNA, and Great Uncle John was one of the 58 in this trench in France.' Mr Richmond, from Ravenshead, Nottinghamshire, added: 'It was mind blowing and humbling.' Sue Raftree, of the Commemorations Team which finds descendants, said: 'DNA has made it much easier. We are rewarded by being able to identify more of our soldiers and to trace their families and give final closure.' The inscription on Pte Richmond's headstone reads: 'He fell and was lost but now he is found. Rest in peace at last. His life given so that we might be free.' Also buried was Pte William Butterworth, aged 36 when he died on 18 October 1914. He was one of four brothers killed in the war. His great-grandson Ian Birnie, who travelled to France for the ceremony, said: 'When he were told that it was William, it was almost as if we'd lost someone only yesterday. Living history enthusiast Chris Barker wears World War One period military uniform as he visits the Commonwealth War Graves Commission Y-Farm Cemetery on Wednesday . Sue Raftree, of the Commemorations Team which finds descendants, said: 'DNA has made it much easier. We are rewarded by being able to identify more of our soldiers and to trace their families and give final closure' British Warrant Officer Class One, Mark Connell, of the 4th Battalion, The Yorkshire Regiment, salutes during the ceremony . An emotional family member places a floral tribute next to the coffins . Finally laid to rest: Private William Alfred Singyard (left) and Private Herbert Ernest Allcock (right) were two of those buried today . Private William Butterworth (left) and Private John Brameld (right) both died in October 1914 in relentless trench warfare . Lance Corporal William Henry Warr and Private Leonard Arthur Morley were buried alongside their fellow soldiers today . 'It seems ridiculous as this happened 100 years ago, but to me, and to our family, this is a loss. 'I get upset about it because there wasn't just one brother, but the funeral will give us some closure for the four brothers.' The Race to the Sea took place between September and October 1914, as the British and French tried to surround their enemy, using the sea to trap them. It soon turned into the kind of relentless trench warfare which was to characterise the entire war, which was to claim around 16 million lives, including some 1 million among British Empire troops. Those who have been positively identified and whose surviving family members have been traced are: Private Herbert Ernest Allcock, Private John Brameld, Private William Butterworth, Corporal Francis Carr Dyson, Private Walter Ellis, Private John Willie Jarvis, Private Leonard Arthur Morley, Private Ernest Oxer, Private John Richmond, Private William A . The ceremony was described as 'mind blowing and humbling' by one relative . Peter Allcock, left, and Keith Allcock, relatives of World War I soldier Pvt. Herbert Ernest Allcock stand at the back of his gravestone . Younger family members related to Private Walter Ellis look at a coffin containing his remains before the re-burial ceremony . A worker clears leaves from coffins containing the remains of 15 British World War One soldiers at the Commonwealth War Graves Commission Y-Farm Cemetery . The soldiers were finally found five years ago during building work between the villages of Beaucamps-Ligny and Radinghem . (CNN) -- When EMS workers arrived at the Pleasant Grove, Utah, home of Michele and Dr. Martin MacNeill, they found a tragedy. Michele MacNeill, a mother of eight children, was unresponsive in her bathtub, and Martin MacNeill, according to law enforcement at the scene, was hysterical and angry, cursing his wife for having had a recent face-lift. Michele MacNeill was pronounced dead later on April 11, 2007. The autopsy report determined she died of natural causes due to cardiovascular disease. But three years later, at the urging of her children, there was a new analysis of a toxicology report that changed everything. Combinations of medications found in Michele MacNeill's system were determined to have contributed to her death. Diazepam, Oxycodone, Promethazine and Zolpidem were all found in her system. Although none of the drugs alone was at toxic levels, Dr. Todd Grey, chief medical examiner of the Utah State Medical Examiner's Office, determined that, in combination, the drugs could have led to sedation and heart arrhythmia, resulting in cardiac death. On October 6, 2010, Michele MacNeill's cause of death was changed to "combined effects of heart disease and drug toxicity." The manner of death was changed from natural to undetermined. As investigators began to reopen the case, they realized they had a suspect: Michele MacNeill's husband. Prosecutors paint picture of a double life . Michele and Martin MacNeill seemed to live the American dream. He a doctor and lawyer, she a former beauty queen, had raised their family in Utah. Four of their eight children were adopted. Devoted to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, Martin MacNeill also had taught Sunday school. Deadly remedy: Notorious doctors accused of murder . But prosecutors say that behind closed doors, what seemed to be the perfect union was anything but. Martin MacNeill, they say, led a double life, seeing women on the side. Legal documents state he announced to his wife and family several times in the years preceding his wife's death that he wanted out of the marriage. He never took that step, but prosecutors say that his affection for one woman in particular, Gypsy Willis, was the root of his motive for murder. Willis will be a star witness for the prosecution as Martin's trial begins in Provo, Utah. He is charged with the murder of his wife and obstruction of justice. Martin MacNeill case: The key players . Michele MacNeill had turned 50 in 2007. She and Martin had been married nearly 30 years. Legal documents state that it was Martin MacNeill's idea in March of that year that she undergo a face-lift. Family members say Michele MacNeill pushed back, not because she was refusing, but because she wanted to lose some extra weight and wanted to control her high blood pressure. But prosecutors say Martin MacNeill was relentless, even finding a plastic surgeon who was new to town and had advertised in the local paper. Martin MacNeill accompanied his wife on every presurgical visit to Dr. Scott Thompson. According to the affidavit for an arrest warrant, the last consultation with the plastic surgeon before the procedure took place was on April 1, 2007. Martin gave Thompson a list of medications he wanted for Michele. They included Lortab (Hydrocodone) in liquid form, Zolpidem, Valium (Diazepam), Phenergan (Promethazine) and Percocet (Oxycodone). Martin MacNeill: Suspicious or not? Documents state Thompson admitted that the Valium and Oxycodone "were out of my usual routine." After the cosmetic surgery on April 3, 2007, Thompson required Michele MacNeill to spend the night at the hospital. According to prosecutors, Martin MacNeill exchanged 24 text messages with Willis on the day of Michele's surgery. On April 4, Michele MacNeill was released to go home. Her daughter Alexis MacNeill was on spring break from medical school and attended to her mother at home. Martin told the daughter to get some sleep, and he would look after his wife through the night. The next morning, Alexis MacNeill told investigators she found her mother unresponsive. Martin MacNeill allegedly told his daughter he may have overmedicated his wife through the night. Alexis MacNeill then took over keeping a notebook of what medications she gave to her mother and when. Messages and medicines add to mystery . On April 5, legal documents state that Michele MacNeill told Alexis MacNeill that she believed her husband was trying to overmedicate her. Because her eyes were still bandaged from the surgery, she asked her daughter for help in identifying pills by feel. The daughter later told authorities her mother had told her that Martin MacNeill kept giving her pills, telling her to swallow. In an important pretrial ruling, Judge Derek Pullan determined that jurors will not be allowed to hear what Michele allegedly told her daughter that night: "if anything happens to me, make sure it wasn't your dad." Prosecutors intend to show jurors the numerous text messages Martin MacNeill exchanged with Willis in the days preceding his wife's death. On April 6, Michele MacNeill confronted her husband about phone records her daughter had researched, which showed one phone number repeatedly called day after day and night after night. Prosecutors say that number belonged to Willis. On April 10, Alexis MacNeill returned to medical school in Nevada, feeling her mother was now well enough. The next day, April 11, her mother was dead. The defense says that Michele MacNeill's death was an accident and that she died of natural causes. Conflicting timelines . Martin MacNeill says he has an alibi because he was at work the morning of his wife's death. According to an affidavit, Martin MacNeill dropped his youngest daughter, Ada, off at school at 8:30 a.m. on April 11. At 8:41 a.m., Alexis MacNeill called the home phone. Three minutes later, Michele MacNeill called Alexis MacNeill from her cell phone. According to Alexis MacNeill, her mother was in good spirits and optimistic about her future with Martin MacNeill. Martin said he went back to work around 9 or 9:30 a.m. He says he left his wife alone for approximately two hours. At 9:10 a.m., Alexis MacNeill received a phone call from her father, who called from his office phone. He asked his daughter to check in with her mother because "Michele was not listening to him and getting out of bed." Starting at 9:14 a.m., Martin MacNeill called his wife's cell phone with no answer. Several subsequent calls were made with the same result. Did doctor use medical know-how to kill wife? Legal documents state that Martin MacNeill was supposed to be working at a booth that day for the Developmental Center Safety Fair associated with his work, but he did not show up when he was supposed to. Employees say they do not know where he was from approximately 9:30 to 11 a.m. At 11 a.m., Martin MacNeill arrived at the safety fair. According to legal documents, witnesses say he was intent on getting his photograph taken there and appeared "short tempered" and "belligerent." Martin MacNeill left to pick up Ada at about 11:35 a.m. According to documents, they arrived home between 11:35 and 11:46 a.m. Martin MacNeill went to the kitchen, and Ada went to find her mother. Ada said she found her mother fully clothed in the tub with her head next to the tub's faucet, above reddish-brown water. She estimated the water was about one-quarter of the way up the tub. Her mother's hair was floating toward the drain. Ada went to get her father. Martin MacNeill's recounting of how he found his wife is strikingly different from Ada's and will be something prosecutors focus on to show MacNeill's alleged lack of veracity. He told authorities his wife was draped over the side of the tub, head first, with her head in the water. Autopsy results later showed Michele MacNeill's blood had pooled after death toward her lower extremities, which gives credence to Ada's version and discounts Martin MacNeill's. According to legal documents, Martin MacNeill told paramedic Marc Sanderson that his wife overdosed on medication and that was the cause of her death. In an interview, the girlfriend of Martin MacNeill's son Damian, Eileen Hang, told authorities that Martin MacNeill directed her to discard all of his wife's medications upon returning home from the hospital the day Michele MacNeill died. Additionally, the journal that Alexis MacNeill had used to keep a running tally of her mother's medications after surgery mysteriously disappeared. The trial begins with jury selection on Tuesday, and although prosecutors have laid their case out with numerous legal filings and a 2012 preliminary hearing, the defense has won many pretrial arguments keeping out statements and actions by Martin they feel are prejudicial and irrelevant. Critical rulings handed down in MacNeill case . What the defense has in its back pocket are the determinations of several experts set to testify in the trial. According to filed documents, not one conclusively states that Michele MacNeill's manner of death was by homicide. Forensic pathologists will only conclude to a degree of medical certainty that the manner of death is undetermined. Now, it will be up to a Utah jury of Martin MacNeill's peers to determine if his wife died at the hands of another -- specifically at the hands of her husband, who is now on trial for his life. CLICK HERE to catch up on all the stats from the big game, including the patient build up to Raheem Sterling's strike . They played with pace, subtlety and panache. At times they threatened to overwhelm the opposition. And some of their football was a delight to behold. But, no, it was not the team of Raheem Sterling, Mario Balotelli and Steven Gerrard that so pleased the eye at Upton Park. Rather it was Sam Allardyce’s West Ham. At times they looked scintillating. Granted, the opening ten minutes of the game was the period in which they were most devastating. And they had to endure a more uncomfortable second half when Liverpool, after a change of formation, finally hit their stride. But when, on 88 minutes, Stewart Downing found Morgan Amalfitano and the Frenchman, on his home debut, simply prodded the ball past Simon Mignolet to seal the victory it felt like a fitting finale. Teammates congratulate Winston Reid after the defender scored his first goal for a year to put West Ham 1-0 up after only two minutes . Reid gets West Ham off to a dream start after heading in from James Tomkins' cross in only the second minute of the game . Diafra Sakho doubled West Ham's lead within five minutes of the opener after his delicately floated cross-shot found the back of the net . Mario Balotelli (R) jumps out of the way to allow Raheem Sterling to bring Liverpool back into the game with a superb first-half strike . New signing Morgan Amalfitano broke away in the the closing minutes to score his first goal at Upton Park and complete a 3-1 victory . West Ham: Adrian 6.5, Demel 6.5 (Jenkinson 61, 6), Tomkins 7, Reid 7.5, Cresswell 7, Noble 7.5, Kouyate 8, Song 7.5 (Amalfitano 69, 6.5), Sakho 7, Downing 7, Valencia 7 (Collins 76). Subs Not Used: Zarate, Vaz Te, Jaaskelainen, Cole. Booked: Reid, Adrian, Kouyate, Jenkinson. Goals: Reid 2, Sakho 7, Amalfitano 88. Liverpool: Mignolet 5, Manquillo 4 (Sakho 22, 5), Skrtel 5, Lovren 5, Moreno 5.5, Gerrard 5, Lucas 5 (Lallana 46, 7), Henderson 6, Sterling 7, Borini 5.5 (Lambert 75, 5), Balotelli 6. Subs Not Used: Brad Jones, Jose Enrique, Toure, Markovic. Booked: Balotelli. Goals: Sterling 26. Att: 34, 977 . Ref: Craig Pawson (South Yorkshire). Ratings by Sami Mokbel at Upton Park . Alex Song had just been named man of the match and it was as though every signing made this summer was playing his part. In Enner Valencia, Diafra Sakho and Cheikhou Kouyate, Allardyce has assembled a front-three with enough speed and craft to thrill home supporters, who for so long have shown discontent with the attacking verve of their team. In playing Downing behind those three, Allardyce has added guile to his line-up and rejuvenated the man best known for his ability on wing. The manager has remodelled West Ham. They are, as Liverpool discovered, an entirely different proposition to last season. The Hammers, without a home win this season and cast as the perennial ugly sisters at the Premier League Ball, started with such verve and incision that it seemed even to surprise themselves. Certainly Allardyce will have been purring. Asked to employ an attacking coach and with a chairman, in David Sullivan, who used his programme column to remark favourably on how many more passes the team are now making, the manager bears the inferences with seemingly good grace. So to see his side tearing apart the darlings of last season in those opening exchanges must have been particularly satisfying. Downing was at the heart of most of it, playing centrally, just behind Sakho and causing Liverpool a host of problems. The first came after just two minutes, Downing’s delightful inswinging free-kick inducing panic in the Liverpool back four. Goalkeeper Simon Mignolet failed to come and no defender dealt with it so James Tomkins headed it back across goal for Winston Reid to nod over the line. Upton Park erupted but the excitement had yet to reach its peak. Just five minutes later, the home side worked the ball crisply to Sakho on the right. The Senegal forward sprinted away, took a touch and then simply dinked the most delightful of chips over Mignolet. Now the stadium truly roared. New Zealand defender Reid wheels away after opening the scoring while Steven Gerrard (R) looks on with disbelief . Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers cannot believe his eyes as West Ham take the lead in the opening minutes . Sakho (front) celebrates after doubling West Ham's lead after only seven minutes on the clock . Balotelli and West Ham keeper Adrian were involved in a first-half clash after the Liverpool striker went in for a late challenge . West Ham keeper Adrian goes head to head with Balotelli to show his frustration at the Liverpool striker's challenge . Balotelli and Adrian are both cautioned by referee Craig Pawson for losing their heads in the heat of the battle . Mario Balotelli's heat map showed he covered plenty of ground without really threatening in the danger areas... for stats more go to our brilliant Match Zone . Liverpool's new signing Balotelli moved around most of the pitch without making too much impact in the areas that mattered . Ecuador forward Enner Valencia tests Liverpool keeper Simon Mignolet as West Ham surge forward during the first-half . Brazilian midfielder Lucas tries to make inroads before being replaced by Adam Lallana after the Reds fell behind . MINS KM MILES . Everton total 107.2 66.6 . Steven Naismith 90 11.9 7.4 . Gareth Barry 90 11.4 7.1 . James McCarthy 90 10.9 6.8 . Arsenal total 110.3 68.5 . Mathieu Flamini 90 12.5 7.8 . Aaron Ramsey 90 11.9 7.4 . Mathieu Debuchy 90 11.0 6.8 . Data courtesy of the EA SPORTS Player Performance Index, the Official Player Rating Index of the Barclays Premier League . The Belgian keeper looked exposed on both goals but recovered enough to push away Aaron Cresswell’s shot on 13 minutes while Adrian incurred the wrath of Mark Noble when he kicked out at Mario Balotelli after the Italian had made a late challenge on the goalkeeper. Both Balotelli and Adrian were cautioned, the Spaniard fortunate not to have been handed a more severe punishment by referee Craig Pawson. Liverpool looked increasingly shambolic and manager Brendan Rodgers intervened, making a 25th-minute switch to a back three by taking off right-back Javier Manquillo for centre half Mamadou Sakho. It sparked a reaction as Liverpool had a brief period in which they established some midfield control and within that they scored. Balotelli somehow brought down a cross that seemed beyond him and, though the Italian forward’s shot was deflected away, Sterling followed up to hit a superb strike past Adrian with Valencia failing to track his man. Yet it was a brief respite for Liverpool and West Ham continued to threaten. Valencia had two further chances to restore a two-goal advantage and Mignolet needed to be alert to parry away the danger. As it was, Liverpool would have been relieved to regroup at half time just the one goal down. Sterling takes on former Arsenal midfielder Alex Song during another electrifying performance from the England international . Balotelli produced a neat turn and shot in the lead up to Sterling's goal, which could have earned Liverpool a penalty for handball . Sterling strikes an unstoppable shot through West Ham's defence to bring Liverpool back to 2-1 in the first half . Raheem Sterling offered Liverpool a lifeline with a superb first-half strike following a patient build up... for more stats go to our brilliant Match Zone . Liverpool played the ball out from then back and waited patiently until the ball fell for Sterling to fire home . Sterling is congratulated by Jordan Henderson as Liverpool start moving up through the gears after a slow start . MINS KM MILES . West Ham total 109.4 68.0 . Mark Noble 90 11.9 7.4 . Diafra Sakho 90 10.8 7.1 . Cheikhou Koyate 90 10.7 6.8 . Liverpool total 110.3 68.5 . Jordan Henderson 90 10.5 6.5 . Steven Gerrard 90 10.4 6.4 . Alberto Moreno 90 10.2 6.4 . Data courtesy of the EA SPORTS Player Performance Index, the Official Player Rating Index of the Barclays Premier League . Rodgers brought on a summer signing of his own in Adam Lallana at half time to play behind the front two for another change of shape, this time more subtle. And amid the steady east London drizzle Liverpool finally began to demonstrate some genuine attacking creativity. Sterling was starting to find space in which to run at defenders and Balotelli at last got a chance to show some of his undoubted quality: a curling, crossfield ball on 53 minutes, nicely weighted to run into the path of Fabio Borini, was one such moment. Borini opted for a shot, which Adrian saved comfortably, when he might have pulled the ball back for oncoming team-mates. Then, in the 59th minute Balotelli curled a shot at Adrian which the Spaniard saved. Borini’s strike on 64 minutes caught a deflection and almost wrong-footed Adrian, the goalkeeper scrambling to recover as he failed to take the ball. He did so, but with his foot up, managed to take out a late arriving Borini as well. West Ham, with Valencia, Sakho and Kouyate offering genuine pace and attacking intent, remained a considerable threat, Sakho shooting just over on 69 minutes. But Liverpool’s back three were much more alive to the threat than previously as the midfield in front of them slowly established some dominance. West Ham’s attacking threat never disappeared, however, and it was fitting that the home side ended the match as they started it by putting the ball into stunned Liverpool’s net. Former England winger Stewart Downing provided plenty of attacking threat for West ham down the left flank . New signing Dejan Lovren (floor) suffered an horrific clash of heads with his Liverpool teammate Mamadou Sakho . Liverpool teammates look on as Lovren is treated for a head injury, which caused a six-minute delay in the game . West Ham manager Sam Allardyce shows his frustration as Liverpool start their second-half resurgence . Lovren challenges Valencia in the air after being patched up following his clash of heads with Sakho . Rodgers gives Gerrard instructions as Liverpool chase the game in the second-half without success . Amalfitano celebrates after scoring a late goal that helped take West Ham above Liverpool to 8th in the Premier League table . VIDEO We dominated Liverpool - Allardyce . Ministers have launched a consultation on an exemption to give governors power to permit smoking in designated cells. Health Minister Mark Drakeford said prisoners and staff - whether smokers or not - needed to be protected from potential damage to their health. Governors have warned that banning smoking could make jails more unstable. The exemption would take effect in February 2016, and run until April 2017, when prisons are due to be completely smoke-free. The consultation, which runs until November, will ask whether prisoners should be allowed a formal exemption from the smoking ban, in line with legislation covering jails in England. "Moving to a completely smoke-free prison estate will improve the health of all inmates and staff," said Mr Drakeford. "But it must be managed in a way that will not increase the risk to the operational security of Welsh prisons. "The proposed regulations are one way in which we can support prisons to achieve that goal in a managed way." By . Anna Hodgekiss . PUBLISHED: . 11:54 EST, 31 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:54 EST, 31 May 2013 . Deforestation of the Brazilian rainforest has caused the seeds of palm trees to become smaller - because large, fruit-eating birds have been driven out, researchers have found. The disappearance of toucans and cotingas, which were once abundant in the rainforest and spread seeds through their droppings, means that palm trees have no way to distribute their bigger seeds, the Brazilian researchers said. They believe the changes could be disastrous to the palm trees that once thrived in the forests. Deforestation of the Brazilian rainforest has caused the seeds of palm trees to become smaller - because large, fruit-eating birds - such as the channel billed toucan - have been driven out . Toucanets also play a fundamental role in the forest as seed dispersers of large seeds . In general, researchers estimate that . human activity, such as deforestation, drives species to extinction . about 100 times faster than natural evolutionary processes. However, few studies have . successfully documented such rapid evolutionary changes in ecosystems . that have been modified by human activity. Galetti and his colleagues used patches of rainforest that had . been fragmented by coffee and sugar cane development during the 1800's . to set up their natural experiment. They collected more than 9,000 seeds from 22 different palm tree populations and found that in patches of forests deserted by large birds such as toucans and large cotingas - because of deforestation - palms produced significantly smaller seeds. 'Small seeds are more vulnerable to desiccation and cannot withstand . projected climate change,' explained Galetti. But, smaller birds . such as thrushes that populate the fragmented patches of forest are . unable to swallow and disperse large seeds. As a result of this, palm regeneration became less successful in the area, with . less-vigorous seedlings germinating from smaller seeds. In undisturbed patches of forest, large-gaped birds - whose beaks are 12mm wide or more - still make their homes and palms continue . to produce large seeds, successfully dispersed by the birds through their droppings, the researchers found. Only large-gaped birds, such as toucans and cotingas, can disperse large seeds . They then determined that the . absence of large, seed-dispersing birds in the area was the main reason . for the palm seeds shrinking in size - and this shrinkage could have taken place within 100 years of an initial disturbance. They say their findings provide evidence that human activity can trigger fast-paced . evolutionary changes in natural populations. Recent research has found that toucans regulate body temperature by adjusting the flow of blood to their beak. More blood flow means more heat is released. When toucans sleep, they tuck their beak under their feathers to keep them warm. Toco toucans also use their beaks to pluck and peel fruit, their main source of food. In addition, the beak houses a flat tongue of the same length, which helps the toucan catch insects, frogs, and reptiles. 'Unfortunately, the effect we document in our work is probably not an isolated case,' said Galetti. He is also concerned that small seeds are 'more vulnerable to . desiccation and cannot withstand projected climate change'. Long . periods of drought and increasingly warmer climate (as predicted by . climate model projections for South America) could be particularly . harmful to tropical tree populations that depend on animals to disperse . their seeds. 'Habitat loss and species extinction is causing drastic changes in the composition and structure of ecosystems, because critical ecological interactions are being lost,' said Galetti. 'This involves the loss of key ecosystem functions that can determine evolutionary changes much faster than we anticipated. 'Our work highlights the importance of identifying these key functions to quickly diagnose the functional collapse of ecosystems.' The study is published in the journal Science. A 22-year-old Danish man interning at a New York preschool that caters to the children of international diplomats and UN employees has been accused of sexually abusing 13 children in his care. Malthe Thomsen, who arrived in Manhattan in February to work at the International Preschool at 45th Street, has been in jail since last Friday, charged with 15 counts of first-degree sexual abuse. Prosecutors say Thomsen placed the hands of nine different children on his genitals over his clothing and that he pressed the head of a 10th victim against his clothed genitals. He also allegedly touched several children on the buttocks. Disturbing allegations: Malthe Thomsen is being held for sexual crimes against 13 children at a Manhattan preschool . Yesterday, a judge ruled he be kept in jail longer after hearing evidence from prosecutors that established 'probable cause that the defendent committed a felony.' Thomsen's alleged crimes were witnessed by only one person - an assistant teacher named Gigi who has since been dismissed from her position for unrelated reasons, reports The New York Times. The assistant teacher told colleagues at the school that she had seen Thomsen interact children 'in a way that she believed bordered on inappropriate touching.' In a letter to parents on June 29, school director said the school had taken action as soon as Gigi made her claims, launching a full investigation, interviewing Thomsen's colleagues and monitoring him without his knowledge. In addition, she wrote, school policy dictates that interns are not left alone with the children, and the school had found no evidence that Thomsen had ever been alone with any of the students. The school found that the accusation was without foundation, she said. None of the children have come forward with allegations of abuse. Investigation: School officials say an internal investigation was conducted that found accusations against Thomsen had no basis - but say the school is cooperating fully with the criminal investigation . However, the school, founded in 1963 to cater to the children of UN families, is cooperating fully with the criminal investigation, she added. It's unclear how police became involved, but Thomsen was arrested on June 27. In court yesterday, proscutors played an hour-long video of a police interview with Thomsen from the day he was arrested in which they say he confessed to the crimes. Defense: Thomsen's attorneys say the confession he made to police was coerced and no children have come forward with allegations of inappropriate behavior on Thomsen's part . Prosecutor Nicole Blumberg asked that the recording not be played in open court to protect the identities of the children mentioned, so headphones were used. Thomsen's lawyers say the assistant teacher Gigi had a history of complaining about her coworkers, reports The New York Times. The alleged confession was coerced, they say, because Thomsen only conceded that he could have touched the children innappropriately because detectives told him they had video of him doing so, untruthfully. 'This is another false confession case,' lawyer Jane Fisher-Byrialsen said. 'You’re telling me you have a video, he says, so I guess it happened but I have no memory of it.' Thomsen's mother Birgitte Thomsen has flown to New York from Denmark to support her son. She told the New York Daily News that Thomsen comes from a family of preschool teachers. 'In Denmark, we don’t have this fear of touching. It’s normal and common if a child is sad, you put him on your lap,' she said. 'He’s a very loving, caring guy. He’s not a child abuser.' Washington (CNN) -- Secret Service investigators interviewed Omar Gonzalez twice, well before he scaled a White House fence with a large knife in his pocket, determining both times that they didn't have enough reason to keep him, a law enforcement official told CNN on Tuesday. Gonzaelez, a 42-year-old Iraq war veteran who apparently suffers from PTSD, hopped the north fence late last Friday and sprinted just inside the north portico White House doors before being stopped, Secret Service spokesman Brian Leary has said. At the time -- which happened to be mere minutes after President Barack Obama and his daughters flew via helicopter from the South Lawn to Camp David -- Gonzalez had a Spyderco VG-10 folding knife with a 3Â½-inch serrated blade in his pants, according to an affidavit. In his car, he had more than 800 rounds of ammunition, two hatchets and a machete. Secret Service beefs up presence . An official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said soon after the incident that Gonzalez was known to the Secret Service even if he hadn't been arrested by the agency before. On Tuesday, the details of these interactions became clearer. Investigators from the Secret Service -- whose mission includes protecting U.S. leaders -- interviewed Gonzalez after his July 19 arrest in Wythe County, Virginia, on charges of possessing a shotgun and sniper rifle as well as eluding and evading arrest. Virginia State Police contacted the Secret Service after tying Gonzalez to a map with a circle around the White House or a line pointing to it, said the law enforcement official. The FBI and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives were also notified. The discovery of the map led Secret Service investigators to ask Gonzalez standard protective intelligence questions and then let him go after determining that he did not pose a threat to the President, according to the law enforcement official. "That could easily be explained as somebody who wants to tour DC," the official said of the map, explaining why it wasn't tied to any devious plot. Just over a month later, on August 25, Secret Service agents stopped Gonzalez outside the White House's South Lawn after noticing he was carrying a camping hatchet. The agency knew then of the Virginia incident, and the related Secret Service interview, from the previous month, the law enforcement official said. Once again, Secret Service investigators talked to Gonzalez at the agency's Washington field office. The law enforcement official said that -- after getting permission from Gonzalez -- the Secret Service found empty gun cases in his car. Investigators figured the cases were empty because Gonzalez's guns were seized in the July arrest, the official said. When asked why the Secret Service didn't detain Gonzalez at this point, the law enforcement official responded, "For what? ... We can't randomly commit people." Gonzalez's former stepson, Jerry S. Murphy, told CNN's Mary Grace Lucas that Gonzalez suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder and paranoia. Murphy said Gonzalez's mental state seemed to deteriorate after each of his three deployments to Iraq. The Secret Service is reviewing security policies and procedures in light of last Friday's incident at the White House, as well as one the following day. In that separate incident Saturday, a man -- identified by Leary as New Jersey resident Kevin Carr -- was arrested on an unlawful entry charge after he allegedly drove up to a security barrier and tried to walk to and enter the White House. In addition to its internal review, the Secret Service in recent days has done things such as increasing the number of officers patrolling near the White House and boosting surveillance measures. The agency has also set up a makeshift fence -- basically bike racks zip-tied together -- along the North Lawn as a temporary response to Friday's incident, according to the law enforcement official. May: Lost driver ends up in White House motorcade . CNN's Jim Acosta reported from Washington, and CNN's Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta. CNN's Holly Yan, Ashley Fantz, Cassie Spodak, Erin McPike, Mary Kay Mallonee and Evan Perez contributed to this report. As Yasmin Le Bon turned 50 last week, jaws across the UK dropped and faces went green with envy. The woman barely looks a day over 35 and can even hold her own when posing next to her model daughter Amber. In fact, even to the trained eye, the two women look like they are sisters, not mother and child. Scroll down for video . Yasmin Le Bon (right) turned 50 last week but she looks just a few years older than her daughter Amber, 25 (left). Here the pair are pictured at the AmfaR Milan party in September. The supermodel isn't the only 50-something in Hollywood to look decades younger than their age . While Yasmin may well be the most youthful-looking fifty-something celebrity, she is not alone in appearing startlingly fresh for her years. Sandra Bullock solicited similar gasps from the fairer sex after she turned 50 last July. Not only could the brunette pass for a 35-year-old, but in the 2013 film Gravity, she also revealed that had a body to rival a 20-year-old while float around in a pair of pants and a vest-top. Drinking from the fountain of youth isn't just reserved for Hollywood's women though - Johnny Depp turned 51 last year, but doesn't look like he has spent even close to half a century on this planet. Femail have picked out some of the 50-something celebrities who have probably only stopped being ID'ed a couple of years ago: . The actress Sandra Bullock turned 50 on July 26, here she is pictured at the Oscars in March . Actress Courteney Cox turned 50 in June this year . Johnny Depp is 51, the actor's fiancée Amber Heard is 28 . Elle Macpherson turned 50 in March, she's pictured here at Selfridges in March . Julianne Moore turns 54 next month, here she is pictured at a party in New York in September . Nigella Lawson turned 54 last January, here she is at the Attitude Awards in London last month . Father-of-three Tom Cruise turned 52 in July, here he is at Zuma restaurant in London in September . Actress Kelly Preston turned 52 last month, she posed up for the cameras at the amfaR gala in Cannes in May . Sheryl Crow turned 52 in February, here she is at the 62nd Annual BMI Pop Awards in Los Angeles in May . Keanu Reeves turned 50 this year, but could have passed for 40 at the John Wick film premiere in New York last month . Michelle Pfeiffer tuirned 56 this year, but was still looking far younger at The Family film premiere in Roissy, France last month . Claims: Cypriot president Nikos Anastasiades 'warned' close friends of the financial crisis about to engulf his country' Cypriot president Nikos Anastasiades 'warned' close friends of the financial crisis about to engulf his country so they could move their money abroad, it was claimed on Friday. The respected Cypriot newspaper Filelftheros made the allegation which was picked up eagerly by German media. Germans are angry at the way their country has been linked to the Nazis and Hitler by Cypriots angry at the defunct rescue deal which called for a levy on all savings. The Cyprus newspaper did not say how much money was moved abroad but quoted sources saying the president 'knew about the possible closure of the banks' and tipped off close friends who were able to move vast sums abroad. Italian media said the 4.5 billion euros left the island in the week before the crisis. Meanwhile sources close to the 'troika' - the IMF, ECB and EU Commission responsible for trying to create a viable rescue deal before Monday - said that attempts to put together a 'plan B' rescue package had failed. 'The coming hours will determine the country's future,' a government spokesman in Nicosia said. Nearly a full week after the European Union agreed to a €10 billion rescue for the island country of one million people the Cypriot parliament still hasn't approved any new deal. Nicosia hoped to raise its €5.8 billion share of the bailout through a fund based on a portfolio of government assets. Early Friday afternoon, Greek TV station Skai-TV and the newspaper Ta Nea reported the troika has rejected the proposal following a meeting with president Anastasiades. Troika officials reportedly told the leader it was unlikely the country could raise the funding shortfull with the plan. Anger: Banking sector workers protest outside of the Cyprus' parliament in Nicosia as lawmakers debate emergency legislation . Anger: Laiki bank employees bank react during a rally outside the Cypriot parliament . Out in force: Cypriot authorities are putting the final touches to a plan they hope will convince international lenders to provide the money the country urgently needs . Tension: A large number of depositors wait to withdraw money from Laiki Bank ATM's machine at a closed Bank of Laiki branch in Nicosia . Decisions: The European Commission delegation members led by EU commission President Jose Manuel Barroso (lefr) meet with Russian Government delegation led by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev (right) in Moscow . They are reportedly sticking to the demand that Cyprus impose a deposit tax, but only on accounts holding sums above €100,000. German government patience is said to . be 'wearing very thin,' with Chancellor Merkel reportedly seething at . seeing herself caricatured as Hitler on demonstrators' placards in . Cyprus. At a special meeting of her party . group in parliament on today Mrs Merkel warned that Cyprus' partners . may soon 'lose ' and that the country should 'not try to test the . troika.' News magazine Der Spiegegl said . participants in the meeting quoted Merkel as saying that Cyprus appears . not to have recognized that the business model it has used up until now . has ended. At the same time, she added: 'We want . Cyprus to remain in the euro zone.' She also said that she hopes the . situation in Cyprus doesn't lead to a 'crash'. Angry crowds demonstrated in Cyprus today as leaders battled to prevent total economic collapse in four days time. Cyprus's government urged lawmakers this afternoon to 'take the big decisions' - MPs . are due to start voting on a series of bills that aim to raise the . funds the country needs to secure an international bailout before their emergency funding runs out on Monday, triggering a possible exit from the Euro. 'The next few hours will determine the . future of the country,' government spokesman Christos Stylianides said . in a televised statement before parliament was due to debate. Discussions: German Chancellor Angela Merkel (left) talks with Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble before discussing a Cyprus bailout plan . Outraged protestors gathered outside . parliament - Despo Pambaka, 28, a customer services manager at Laiki . Bank told The Telegraph: 'I never expected this would happen. They are trying to take our lives, our money. Even in 1974 in the war . (with Turkey) they didn't rob us of our deposits. This is not the Europe . that we went into. Germany showed her real face. We will not accept . it.' This morning it emerged that British savers with Laiki Bank could get the same deal as their Cypriot counterparts. Laiki Bank, which has three UK branches is not covered by the FSA . compensation scheme, unlike Bank of Cyprus, meaning their customers . could be hit by the bank restructures. Meanwhile Greek Finance Minister Yannis Stournaras announced that a Greek banking group had begun acquiring the Greek units of Cypriot banks - this would safeguard all the deposits of Greek citizens in Cypriot banks. Last . night an emergency Bill submitted to parliament gave the finance . minister or central bank governor the right to impose capital controls . on banks – a ban on moving cash outside the country, which would be a . serious blow to the single market. The European Central Bank warned it may halt funding on Monday if Cyprus fails to come up with a viable rescue plan. Smiles all round: Russian President Vladimir Putin, right, and European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso before their meeting . Tension: People wait in line to withdraw money from an ATM in Cyprus . Restocked: Cypriots still have access to cash for now as bank machines which were emptied at the weekend have been restocked . As . horrified islanders faced new limits on cashpoint withdrawals and a ban . on taking money out of the country, a poll showed more than two-thirds . now want to leave the single currency and turn to Russia for help. Prime Minister David Cameron . discussed the financial crisis in Cyprus with Russian President Vladimir . Putin in a phone call this morning. Downing Street said that Mr Cameron . and Mr Putin 'agreed that they hoped a solution could be found to the . crisis', but added that Cyprus took up only a small part of the . 30-minute call, which also touched on Syria, the upcoming G8 and G20 . summits in Northern Ireland and St Petersburg and BP's Arctic oil deal . with Russian company . There is growing concern that Germany’s attempt to strongarm the . Mediterranean island, already blamed for undermining confidence in banks . across the Continent, is turning into a geopolitical blunder of . historic proportions. Even . if an emergency bank restructure – which could mean big deposit holders . losing almost half of their savings – goes ahead, Cyprus will need to . raise billions by next week to avoid collapse. Anger: A Cypriot woman shouts slogans as she holds a placard during a protest against an EU bailout deal outside the parliament in Nicosia this week . With the country on the verge of bankruptcy, officials announced the banks would not reopen until next Tuesday while the country seeks a bailout . Credit ratings agency Standard & Poor’s cut its rating on Cyprus to CCC, which means it risks defaulting on its debts. Russia's . prime minister says Moscow will only help Cyprus out financially if the . country's new money-raising measures get the backing of the European . Union. Dmitry Medvedev said Friday that Russia "hasn't closed the door, hasn't said `no' to Cyprus. His comments come after Cyprus' finance minister left the Russian capital without a hoped-for deal. Cypriot . authorities are putting the final touches to a plan they hope will . convince international lenders, including its European partners, to . provide bailout money to avoid a bankruptcy within days. Cyprus . has until Monday to secure a deal after the European Central Bank . warned it would stop providing the country's banks with liquidity on . that day if no package is agreed. Russian depositors have huge sums in Cyprus’s banks, which critics say have become a haven for tax evasion and money laundering. A . poll for a Cypriot TV station showed that 67.3 per cent say the country . should leave the euro and tighten relations with Russia, which is . desperate to regain influence in the eastern Mediterranean and Middle . East. As extra police were drafted in to . control angry crowds outside the parliament in Nicosia, protesters . brandished placards reading ‘No to Fourth Reich’ and ‘Better die on your . feet than live on your knees’. The . Bank of Cyprus, the country’s biggest bank, warned the island needed a . ‘liquidity lifeline’ which would make the difference between ‘salvation . or destruction’. Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev last night turned on Europe and accused EU countries of deliberately trying to wreck the Cypriot banking system for their own benefit . Cyprus . Popular Bank announced limit on ATM withdrawals of 260 euros per . customer. Banks, which have been shut all week to prevent mass . withdrawals, are to stay closed until Tuesday. Eurozone . finance officials acknowledged being ‘in a mess’, and discussed . imposing capital controls to insulate the region from a possible Cypriot . collapse. One described emotions as running ‘very high’ and referred to . ‘open talk’ of Cyprus leaving the eurozone. In an unprecedented snub, Cyprus decided not to take part in a conference call with EU leaders. ‘If Cyprus does not even feel that they can attend the call it is a big problem for us,’ one French representative said. It . is thought that Cyprus’s ‘Plan B’ to avoid bankruptcy will mean . depositors with account balances in excess of 100,000 euros would be hit . hard. Cyprus Popular Bank and the Bank of Cyprus would be split to . create a ‘bad bank’. Insured . deposits – below the EU ceiling of 100,000 euros, supposedly guaranteed . in the event of a bank collapse – would go into a ‘good bank’ and not . sustain losses, while uninsured deposits would go into the bad bank and . be frozen until assets could be sold. Losses to depositors could reach . 40 per cent. John Cridland, director-general . of the Confederation of British Industry, said last night that the . proposal for a levy on bank deposits in Cyprus had ‘created a real mess’ and ‘undermined the confidence of ordinary depositors’. He . added: ‘The events are a stark reminder that not only has the eurozone . crisis not gone away but also how much Europe and the eurozone countries . in particular, are going through a period of rapid transformation.’ Asked . if the bailout row would sour relations between Moscow and the EU, . Sergei Aleksashenko, a former bank governor and now an economist at . Moscow’s Higher School of Economics, replied: ‘It’s not possible to . damage what does not exist.’ Mourners for Violet-Grace Youens, from St Helens, were asked to wear the colour for the event. Grandmother Angela French who was seriously injured in the 24 March crash attended the service in a wheelchair. Two men charged in connection with the crash are due before Liverpool Crown Court on 26 April. Violet-Grace died in her mother's arms in hospital last month, days after she and her grandmother were struck by a car on a pavement on Prescot Road. The service was held in St Julie's Roman Catholic Church, Eccleston. The coffin was brought to the church in a horse-drawn carriage before being carried into the building by Violet-Grace's parents, Rebecca and Glenn, and other family members. Mrs Youens had violet-dyed hair and wore a dress of the same colour, while Mr Youens wore a purple tie. A party to celebrate Violet-Grace's life was being held after the service, with bouncy castles, face painting, princesses and superheroes. Parish priest Canon Thomas Neylon said: "She won the affection of those she came into contact with during her short life and has stirred the hearts of many more who have heard of her because of her death." Aidan McAteer, 23, who has been charged with causing the death by dangerous driving, causing serious injury by dangerous driving and stealing a car, is due to appear in a preliminary hearing at Liverpool Crown Court. Dean Brennan, 27, will also appear, charged with assisting an offender, theft of a motor vehicle and the aggravating offence of allowing oneself to be carried within a stolen vehicle. (CNN) -- "It was like taking a big leap of faith." That's how Regina Agyare describes her decision back in 2012 to leave her well-paid job at a major international bank in Ghana's capital Accra to follow her dream and embark on her own entrepreneurial journey. Having worked for six years as the bank's only female IT specialist, Agyare quit everything to create Soronko Solutions, a software development company. "My friends thought I was crazy," recalls Agyare. "But I was like, 'this is it!'" One of Ghana's first female tech entrepreneurs, Agyare had to overcome many challenges in starting her business -- beginning with breaking the gender barrier in her country. "As an African woman, the role is you go to school, you get a job, you marry," says Agyare, whose startup is now building corporate websites and e-commerce portals for more than 30 businesses in Accra. "Entrepreneurship is not something that you are taught so I never saw myself as an entrepreneur." Last summer, out of a passion to pass on her expertise, Agyare co-founded "Tech Needs Girls," a mentorship and educational initiative aiming to encourage young women to pursue a career in technology. Along with other female computer scientists, she makes time to visit places like Nima, a slum right in the heart of Accra, to teach girls how to code and develop mobile and web applications. CNN's African Start-Up caught up with Agyare to talk about her initiative and discuss the reasons why there should be more women in technology. Here's what she said. Improving technical innovation: "Currently we are missing out on valuable perspectives that 50% of the population can bring to designing the technology of the future. Research shows that diversity improves problem solving, productivity, innovation and ultimately the bottom line -- we need the female perspective in technology." Reducing social inequalities: "Computing jobs are among the fastest growing and the highest paying, yet few women are benefiting from these occupations. This trend increases social inequalities and barriers to girls' future life opportunities. Girls need to have technology skills in order to thrive in the 21st century as more than 95% of all jobs have a digital component." Teaching girls leadership skills and critical thinking: "By learning to create technology girls learn to speak up since they have to explain their work; they must stand tall in order to be taken seriously in this male-dominated field. The process of writing software is essentially solving a problem using critical thinking and a series of steps. The girls also get to express their creativity through their software designs." Stopping the workforce exit: "More than half (56%) of women in technology leave their employers at the mid-level point in their careers (10-20 years). Some describe themselves as lone wolves. Personally I found technology to be very lonely since I was always the only female in the IT department." The numbers say it all: "In the United States, women hold less than 25% of science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) jobs. In the UK, women now make up 46% of the country's workforce, but hold only 15.5% of the STEM jobs -- this excludes medicine, which has a high representation of women. Each year the number of women studying and pursuing careers in technology goes down by 0.5% thus by 2043 at the current trend less than 1% of the global tech workforce will be female." READ THIS: 15 African startups to watch . READ THIS: Africa's techies hop aboard the StartupBus . This map reveals the damage alcohol is causing around the country. With soaring rates of hospital admissions - and alcohol-related liver disease - a new study has mapped how much Britons in each region are drinking – and how many are dying as a result. It found Central Scotland is the booze capital of Britain, with residents drinking 20.9 units a week, the equivalent of almost two bottles of wine and a shot. The alcohol consumption for this area of Scotland – which includes Glasgow and Dundee - is 18 per cent higher than the national average. Scroll down for video . This map shows the alcohol hotspots of Great Britain. The boxes reveal how many units of alcohol per week are drunk by residents in the area, and how many alcohol related deaths per 100,000 adults in the area. The study found Scotland and the South West drank the most units, while London and the East of England drank the least . More people die of alcohol related deaths than in any other region, with 24.5 deaths per 100,000 population. This is more than double the rate for London, which had the lowest rate of 9.4 alcohol-related deaths per 100,000 population. The study, by NHS Health Scotland, was the first to analyse alcohol sales data, an indicator of alcohol consumption, as well as alcohol-related deaths. It found people in the South West, Central Scotland, North East, North West and Yorkshire were the biggest boozers, with higher levels of alcohol sales per adult than the average for Great Britain. There were lower sales of alcohol in London, Central England and the East of England, the study found. The high volume of sales in South West England (19 per cent higher than the national average) was mostly due to spirits and cider sold through pubs and restaurants, but sales of wine through supermarkets and other off-licences were also high. However while the South West region had the joint highest consumption level, it had one of the lowest alcohol death rates. Researchers at NHS Health Scotland and the Glasgow Centre for Population Health suggested that this could be due to tourism. The South West, which was defined by the study as mainly Devon and Cornwall, had one of the smallest populations but also one of the highest rates of second homes. People who visit this area but do not live there would increase the sales figures for alcohol and would not show up for alcohol-related deaths. With soaring rates of hospital admissions - and alcohol-related liver disease - the study mapped how much Britons in each region are drinking – and how many are dying as a result. The high levels of alcohol consumption in the South West were attributed to tourism. People who visit this area but do not live there would increase the sales figures for alcohol, but not show up for alcohol-related deaths . And the stereotype about Scots and their love of whisky rang true, as both Scottish regions, but particularly Central Scotland, had substantially higher spirits sales than any other region, especially through off-licenses. In Yorkshire and the northern English regions, more beer was sold per adult than in any other region, with the drink accounting for 46 per cent of the market share for alcohol here. The biggest wine drinkers reside in the South and in South West England, with 35 per cent of the market share of wine sold here. The low volume of sales in London was because of lower sales through off-licences. It was also found that regions with higher sales per adult typically had higher rates of alcohol-related deaths. NHS officials warn death rates linked to alcohol-related liver disease have risen 'considerably' over the last few decades. Liver disease kills 11,000 people a year in England, despite the fact that major causes such as alcohol misuse and obesity are preventable. The lower limits for safe drinking recommended by doctors are set at 21 units for men and 14 for women. A small 125ml glass of 13 per cent wine contains 1.6 units, while a regular 4 per cent pint of lager contains 2.3 units. A 25ml single 40 per cent spirit and mixer contains one unit, while a 275ml bottle of 5.5 per cent alcopop contains 1.5 units. All previous studies have looked at alcohol consumption for regions in Great Britain based on self-reported data, which can be biased because of low response rates, the sample taken not being representative, and because people do not accurately report how much they drank. The use of alcohol sales data is a more accurate and objective way to estimate how much the country is really drinking. However, researchers warned this data is still subject to its own biases, such as wastage and spillage; consumption by tourists; and unrecorded alcohol, which includes homebrew, smuggled alcohol and alcohol intended for industrial and medical use. The study's lead Mark Robinson, of NHS Health Scotland, said: 'Our study provides support for the relationship between alcohol consumption and alcohol-related mortality across regions in Great Britain, which hasn't always been the case using survey data to estimate consumption. 'Future studies should consider the use of data from a range of different sources to provide a better understanding of alcohol consumption in GB, its relationship with alcohol-related harms, and the impact of different alcohol policy approaches.' The results were published in the journal BMC Public Health. Editor's note: CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com, which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com. If you've rewritten that résumé several times and sent out dozens of applications but your job search still shows no promise, you might not be the problem. One frequently overlooked but critical factor in finding a new job is your state's unemployment rate. You can have the experience and skills of an employer's dream, but they won't do you any good if there just aren't enough jobs available. The unemployment rate is the percentage of job seekers in the work force who are still looking for work. The higher the percentage, the more difficult it is to find a job. The national unemployment rate is 5 percent, based on the most recent data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS). If you're looking for a job, you should see how your state compares to the rest of the country. Here are the 10 worst states to find work ranked by their unemployment rates. 1. Michigan Unemployment rate: 7.6 percent Population: 10,071,822 Mean annual wage: $41,230 Top industry: Trade, transportation and utilities (18.4 percent)*** . 2. Mississippi Unemployment rate: 6.8 percent Population: 2,918,785 Mean annual wage: $30,460 Top industry: Government (21.2 percent) 3. South Carolina Unemployment rate: 6.6 percent Population: 4,407,709 Mean annual wage: $33,400 Top industry: Trade, transportation and utilities (19.4 percent) 4. Alaska Unemployment rate: 6.5 percent Population: 683,478 Mean annual wage: $43,920 Top industry: Government (25.9 percent) 5. California Unemployment rate: 6.1 percent Population: 36,553,215 Mean annual wage: $44,180 Top industry: Trade, transportation and utilities (18.9 percent) 6. District of Columbia Unemployment rate: 6.1 percent Population: 588,292 Mean annual wage: $61,500 Top industry: Government (33.3 percent) 7. Ohio Unemployment rate: 6 percent Population: 11,466,917 Mean annual wage: $37,360 Top industry: Trade, transportation and utilities (19.3 percent) 8. Arkansas Unemployment rate: 5.9 percent Population: 2,834,797 Mean annual wage: $30,870 Top industry: Trade, transportation and utilities (20.6 percent) 9. Nevada Unemployment rate: 5.8 percent Population: 2,565,382 Mean annual wage: $36,000 Top industry: Leisure and hospitality (26.5 percent) 10. Kentucky Unemployment rate: 5.7 percent Population: 4,241,474 Mean annual wage: $33,490 Top industry: Trade, transportation and utilities (20.4 percent) *Unemployment rates, mean annual wages and industry percentages obtained from BLS in January 2008. Percentages based on nonfarm payrolls, seasonally adjusted. **Population figures based on U.S. Census Bureau data. ***Top industries are those that employ the largest percentage of a state's labor force. E-mail to a friend . Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009. All rights reserved. The information contained in this article may not be published, broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority . Ms Harman said she did not report the "horrible" incident at the time, but rejected the advances from Prof TV Sathyamurthy, who has since died. His widow has called the allegation - made in the MP's forthcoming memoir - "very dubious" and "hard to believe". The University of York has called the claims "extremely concerning". Speaking to the BBC's Andrew Marr, Ms Harman recalled how she had been invited to a meeting with her university tutor, who told her she was "borderline" between a 2:1 and 2:2 grade. She claimed the tutor told her: "It will be a 2.2 unless you have sex with me." Asked why she did not report him, she replied: "I thought nobody would listen, that he would deny it and that they would take his side. He was in a position of authority." "A man in a position of authority that can actually shape your future life can abuse their power for sex," she added. Prof Sathyamurthy died in 1998, but his ex-wife, Carole Satyamurti, 77, told the Daily Mail: "That's horrible. I find this very hard to believe. The story sounds very dubious to me. "He was very brilliant and full of jokes, but very respectful of women. I'm sure he wouldn't have done that." But Ms Harman told the BBC: "The idea that I would invent it - why would I? "I've said it happened now, having not said anything about it before, because I think we need to look at how we make sure those people who are put in that position, feel able to complain, and those who do that, are held to account." Ms Harman, who graduated in 1972 aged 21, said she still gained a 2:1 in politics, despite rejecting his advance. York University's registrar and secretary, Dr David Duncan, said the university strongly condemned all forms of sexual harassment. "The allegations made by Ms Harman are extremely concerning," he said. "Behaviour of the sort described by Ms Harman would constitute gross misconduct and would lead to dismissal." The Serbia international, 20, has signed a five-year deal with Steve McClaren's side. He becomes United's second summer signing following the £14.5m arrival of PSV midfielder Georginio Wijnaldum. "This is a club with a very big history and the fans are a big part of that. There will be pressure here, for sure, but I like pressure," said Mitrovic. "I also know about the famous players who have played for Newcastle United, like Alan Shearer, who is a hero of mine. I hope I can play like him for this club. It will be an honour." Mitrovic scored 36 league goals in his two years in Belgium, including 20 last season to be the league's top scorer. He cost the Belgian club £4.3m when they signed him from Partizan Belgrade two years ago. Mitrovic, who was also a reported target for Chelsea, scored an injury-time equaliser in the Champions League against Arsenal last season. "He's moved from Partizan Belgrade to Anderlecht, he has had to adapt to a new league, and will do so again," McClaren told BBC Newcastle. "He's got experience of Belgian football, experience of the Champions League and international football, just breaking into the scene. "We just want to get the boy training and in our team." Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page. By . Mark Duell . PUBLISHED: . 21:03 EST, 19 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 04:25 EST, 20 November 2012 . Controversial: The front page of the Sun in 2005 which featured the image of the humiliated fallen dictator Saddam Hussein . Rupert Murdoch’s media company News Corp could be investigated over claims it obtained photos of Saddam Hussein wearing his underpants in an Iraq jail by bribing a US official, it was alleged today. Former US president George W Bush ordered an investigation into how the Sun and New York Post newspapers obtained the photos, published in May 2005, but never found the source of the leak. The Sun’s former managing editor Graham Dudman said at the time his newspaper paid ‘more than £500’ for the photos, but the Daily Beast had now claimed the ‘payment was significantly greater’. Mr Dudman . said at the time that US military sources handed over the photos to deal . ‘a body blow to the resistance in Iraq’ and that the picture was . obtained by ‘professional journalistic methods’. It . has now also been alleged by the Daily Beast - the online home of . Newsweek magazine - that the money was handed over on US soil. The Daily . Telegraph has claimed a Sun photographer was sent to California to buy . the pictures. Probe coming? Rupert Murdoch’s (right) media firm News Corp could be investigated over claims it obtained photos of the late Saddam Hussein (left) wearing only his underpants in an Iraq jail by bribing a US official . Comment: The Sun's former managing editor Graham Dudman said at the time his newspaper paid 'more than £500' for the photos, but the Daily Beast had now claimed the 'payment was significantly greater' US . military officials believe the photos were taken at the Camp Cropper . prison near Baghdad at a time from January to April 2004, before Hussein . was due to be tried for crimes against humanity. News . Corp reacted angrily to the new allegations of bribery put forward by . the Daily Beast, claiming it was ‘just a lame attempt to regurgitate old . news’ and ‘all of this was widely reported on in 2005’. A spokesman for the holding company . added: ‘We didn’t believe then, and certainly don’t believe now, that it . was wrong to acquire and publish newsworthy photographs of a notorious . war criminal.’ Unsuccessful probe: Former US president George W Bush ordered an investigation into how the Sun and New York Post newspapers obtained the photos, published in May 2005, but never found the source of the leak . Unhappy: News Corp reacted angrily to the new allegations of bribery put forward by the Daily Beast, claiming it was 'just a lame attempt to regurgitate old news' and 'all of this was widely reported on in 2005' 'We didn’t believe then, and certainly . don’t believe now, that it was wrong to acquire and publish newsworthy . photographs of a notorious war criminal' News Corp spokesman . More than 50 people have been arrested by the Metropolian Police as they investigate alleged payments to public officials in Operation Elveden, but detectives involved with the inquiry are not thought to be probing the Hussein photo. One of those arrested in the probe was Mr Dudman - although he has not been charged with any criminal offence in Britain. Operation Elveden - the investigation into alleged corrupt payments to public officials and other information leaks - is being run alongside two other operations looking at allegations of phone hacking and accusations of computer hacking. News Corp is already being probed in the US by the FBI and other American agencies over whether it committed any crimes under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act by bribing public officials in Britain. The Act means US-owned companies which are proven to have bribed public officials can be fined and senior executives sent to jail. Hussein was executed 18 months after the pictures were published. Instead of the cap, Uber has agreed to take part in a four-month study looking at the impact of its cars on traffic and pollution in the city. In return, New York said it would not impose a car limit for this period. The move comes the day before a city council vote, which could have seen the cap imposed. The deal the city has struck with Uber appears weaker than the legislation in the vote, which called for a 1% cap on the firm's growth in the city and a year-long study. But New York's first deputy mayor Anthony Shorris, currently in charge while New York mayor Bill de Blasio is away, told the BBC that the deal was a "smart and fair way" to address the issue, which matched the "values and interests of New Yorkers". "Uber will share information for the study above and beyond what has previously been provided, with safeguards to protect privacy. "Uber has also agreed to maintain its approximate current rate of growth and not flood the streets with new licenses and vehicles," he added. In a statement, Uber also said it welcomed the agreement. "We are pleased new drivers will continue to be free to join the for-hire industry and partner with Uber. Together, we can build an even better, more reliable transportation system," said Josh Mohrer, Uber NYC's general manager. Since being founded in San Francisco in 2009, Uber has grown into a huge ridesharing enterprise - with services now offered in more than 200 cities. But in many cities, local cab firms and drivers have staged protests against the service. In New York, complaints have centred around the idea that the firm has become too dominant, overtaking the city's iconic yellow taxis. Embryonic dinosaurs kicked and wiggled in the egg, a new discovery of a baby-dino-bone bed suggests. The bones, all from not-yet-hatched embryonic dinosaurs, are among the oldest dinosaur-embryo fossils ever found. What's more, the embryo fossils came from separate nests and the dino embryos were at different stages of development when they died — two discoveries that will enable researchers to study how dinosaurs developed before hatching. "It tells us quite a bit about early embryonic stages and changes that occur in the embryonic life of these animals — something we haven't really seen before," said study researcher Robert Reisz, a paleontologist at the University of Toronto. In addition to discovering evidence of in-egg kicking, the researchers found that the embryos, which probably belonged to the long-necked Lufengosaurus, grew faster than the embryos of any birds or mammals alive today. [See Images of the Tiny Dino Embryos] Tiny-bone find Timothy Huang, a chemist at National Chung Hsing University in Taiwan and an amateur archaeologist, discovered the embryonic bones about three years ago in Yunnan Province, China. The bone bed has an area of about 3 square feet (1 square meter) and a thickness of about 4 to 8 inches (10 to 20 centimeters). In this small patch, the researchers eventually uncovered more than 200 itsy-bitsy bones. A cross-section of an embryonic dinosaur femur found in Yunnan, China. The honeycomb-like area is bone tissue with large spaces for blood vessels, indicating rapid growth of the bone. Credit: A. LeBlanc A geological analysis of the spot revealed that slow flooding probably smothered the eggs, which seem to have been laid in a colonial nesting site. After the flood, the embryos and eggs rotted and fell apart, leaving a mound of disarticulated bones. The bones date to the Lower Jurassic period, or between 199.6 million and 175.6 million years ago. That makes them just as ancient as the oldest known embryos ever found, which were discovered at a nesting site of long-necked Massospondylus dinosaurs in South Africa. It was a boon for science that the dino embryos had fallen apart, instead of fossilizing inside their eggs, Reisz told LiveScience. "People are extremely possessive and fond of their embryos inside their eggs — imagine us asking them to take pieces out and do the sections on them and cut them, and essentially do damage to them," he said. "These bones are completely disarticulated, and we have a lot of them — so it's not unreasonable to be able to take a few and cut them, and see what their internal anatomy is like." How baby dinos grew The bone bed contained spinal bones, limb bones, shoulder blades and even a few fragments of skull, but Reisz and his team focused their analysis on the most prevalent and best-preserved bones: femurs, or thigh bones. These little leg bones ranged from 0.5 to 0.9 inches (12 to 22 millimeters) in length, shorter than matchsticks. The bones were porous, filled with cavities that would have once allowed blood to flow to the growing tissue. The size of the cavities is determined by how fast the animal grows — which made researchers realize these embryos got big quickly. "They grow very fast — faster than we expected, and faster than most other dinosaurs that have been studied this way," Reisz said. The fast growth rate makes sense, given that Lufengosaurus grew to 20 feet (6 meters) in length. Lufengosaurus grew to be about 20 feet (6 meters) in length. Credit: Phil Gilston The researchers also found an asymmetrical thickening in the femurs associated with muscle action on the bone. The finding suggests the little dinos were kicking and twitching inside their eggs. The team also discovered evidence of organic material — probably collagen, part of the connective tissue that forms ligaments and tendons. If the material isn't too deteriorated, it could be compared to collagen in living animals, thus providing a new way to look at relationships between modern creatures and the extinct dinosaurs, Reisz said. "We're setting a new benchmark as to what can be done in dinosaur embryology," Reisz said. He and his colleagues report their findings Thursday (April 11) in the journal Nature. An upcoming goal, Reisz said, is to give the embryos their first dental exam. "One of the things we may try in the near future is to look at the embryonic teeth themselves," he said. "They're very cool." Follow Stephanie Pappas on Twitter and Google+. Follow us @livescience, Facebook & Google+. Original article on LiveScience.com. ||||| A rare cache of fossil dinosaur embryos unearthed in China reveals that these extinct behemoths grew faster in the egg than any bird or animal known, an international research team reported in Nature. Robert Lee Hotz has details. Photo: A. LeBlanc. A rare cache of fossil dinosaur embryos discovered in China reveals that these extinct behemoths grew faster in the egg than any animal known, an international research team reported in Nature on Wednesday. The researchers believe the 195-million-year-old remains belong to a long-necked, plant-eating dinosaur called Lufengosaurus, which grew to as long as 30 feet. This dinosaur family, once common in China, eventually evolved into the largest creatures to ever walk the Earth. "These things were growing faster than anything we've ever seen—faster than any living mammal or bird today or any known dinosaur," said paleontologist Robert Reisz at the University of Toronto at Mississauga in Ontario, who led the team of experts in China, Taiwan, Australia and Germany that analyzed the specimens. The fossils are the oldest collection of dinosaur embryos ever found, the researchers said. "They give us an unprecedented look into the very early embryology of these developing dinosaurs," said paleontologist Mark Norell at the American Museum of Natural History in New York, who wasn't involved in the find. By bombarding the fossils with an infrared synchrotron beam—a noninvasive way of analyzing a material's internal chemistry—the scientists said they detected molecular traces of an organic protein inside the mineralized bones. They suspect it may be the residue from the decay of once-living tissue cells, not just bone—a finding stirring skepticism among other paleontologists. The tiny bones, each about the thickness of pencil lead, were first spotted three years ago by a local caretaker in the outwash from a steep hillside near a well-known fossil site outside Kunming, China. A visiting amateur fossil hunter from Taiwan recognized them as embryonic remains. Working on their hands and knees, scientists soon traced the pieces back up the hilltop to a slab of red siltstone, where they so far have found 200 bones mingled with crushed eggshells. View Slideshow Robert Reisz Paleontologists and volunteers worked at an embryonic dinosaur bone bed site in Dawa, Yunnan Province, China. The work of collecting tiny dinosaur fossils—about the thickness of pencil lead—is painstaking, requiring diggers to get down on their hands and knees. Unlike previous finds, the newly discovered embryo remains weren't enclosed within eggs or found within a nest or the fossilized body of a mother. Bones from many partial skeletons, each in a slightly different stage of development, were found pulled apart and sorted by size, perhaps by an ancient flood or the ripples of a primordial pond. "It is really nice that is an accumulation of different stages," said paleontologist James Clark at George Washington University, who wasn't involved in the project. "It gives you an ability to look at changes it goes through as an embryo." Write to Robert Lee Hotz at sciencejournal@wsj.com Corrections & Amplifications The surname of Robert Reisz was incorrectly spelled Reiz in an earlier version of this article. A version of this article appeared April 11, 2013, on page A5 in the U.S. edition of The Wall Street Journal, with the headline: Fossils Suggest Dinosaur Embryos Grew at Rapid Rate. ||||| By . Reuters Reporter . A Miami businessman this week purchased a waterfront mansion once owned by Colombian cocaine kingpin Pablo Escobar and said he plans to raze the coral pink house that federal officials seized in the late 1980s. Christian Berdouare, the owner of a chain of casual Miami restaurants, paid $9.65 million for the 7,300-square-foot (680- square-meter) home in an affluent Miami Beach neighborhood, saying the location was its main attraction, not its history. 'If anything it's a negative," he said, referring to the property's link to Escobar. "I don't particularly like drug dealers and I don't want to have their energy close to me.' Lavish: Restaurant chain owner Christian Berdouare paid $9.65m for the 7,300-square-foot mansion . A room overlooks the swimming pool and waterfront in a mansion once owned by Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar in Miami Beach. A Miami businessman purchased the 7,300-square-foot home for nearly $10 million . U.S. marshals seized the property in 1987 along with nearly $20 million of the Medellín Cartel's Florida real estate assets. Also . included in the seizure was a 45-unit apartment complex, a . three-bedroom condominium near a high-end Miami mall, a horse ranch in . central Florida and a 240-unit rental complex near Fort Lauderdale then worth $9.6 million. Miami attorney Roger Schindler bought the mansion from the U.S. government in 1990 for $915,000. Escobar, . along with members of the Ochoa family who sat atop the cartel, were . among the world's most wanted drug traffickers in the late 1980s and . early 1990s. U.S. marshals seized the property in 1987 along with nearly $20 million of the Medellín Cartel's Florida real estate assets. Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar, known as the 'King of Cocaine,' in 1989 . Spectacular: The mansion is on the waterfront with views of Miami . Escobar was gunned down in 1993 in Colombia with the help of U.S. counter-narcotics agents.It is unclear if Escobar ever visited the Miami Beach home. 'According . to neighbors and real estate agents he was definitely there," said . Mirce Curkoski with ONE Sotheby's Realty who represented Berdouare in . the sale. Schindler said some neighbors described lots of activity at the house when it was owned by Escobar. 'They used to see boats coming up to the back yard,' he said. A seven-year-old girl narrowly avoided choking after she took a bite of a KFC chicken burger containing a metal nut. Leah Neat asked for some of her father's burger while on a family outing at the KFC in Gravesend, Kent. But when she passed it back to Daniel Neat, 35, he was shocked to find a piece of metal in the middle of the burger. A metal bolt was found inside a burger at a KFC in Gravesend, Kent, by Daniel Neat, 35 . Mother Sharon Neat, 35, said: 'It was my husband's burger but you know what children are like. 'My daughter said 'dad can I have a bite' so she did and when she passed it back he said 'there's a nut in that'. 'I said 'people can be allergic to that' and my husband said 'no, it's a metal nut'. 'It's not the sort of thing you expect to find in your burger. It really has put the children off eating there again.' Leah Neat, seven, narrowly avoided choking on the metal nut after taking a bite of her father's burger . She spent more than £35 on two barbecue pulled chicken meals, three boneless banquets, two barbecue wraps and one lunch box meal for her three children, husband, grandmother and uncle. Mrs Neat was told a full investigation would be launched but the mother-of-three has claimed she won't step back into the store in Kent. A KFC spokesman said: 'We take food safety extremely seriously and immediately launched an investigation into the matter to determine whether the object originated in store, which is ongoing. 'Nonetheless, as soon we were made aware of the situation we apologised on the spot and offered a full refund to the Neat family, which they accepted in the restaurant. 'We would like to reassure customers that our Valley Drive restaurant achieved a food hygiene rating of five out of five stars meaning that the business was found to have very good hygiene standards.' Leah with a picture the family took showing the metal nut they found inside a KFC burger . Leah with her mother Sharon, brother, Alex, 10, and twin sister Millie at their Gravesend home, Kent . Hoggard, 40, took 248 wickets in 68 Tests for England and also played for Yorkshire and Leicestershire. He will work to head coach Sall Briggs for the 2017 WSL competition. "There is a massive amount of talent in the women's game, coupled with the tenacity and desire to improve," said Hoggard. "I'm massively looking forward to helping the team get more game aware and to reach their full potential." Briggs, who worked with England under-19 women's development programme before taking over at Loughborough added: "Matthew's a great addition to our coaching staff; his experience and knowledge will be invaluable to our bowling unit. "His presence has already brought excitement to our environment and the girls are keen to learn as much as they can." By . Nick Pisa On Giglio Island and Pamela Owen . UPDATED: . 12:27 EST, 22 January 2012 . Captain Francesco Schettino who abandoned the ship before his passengers . Cruise ship captain Francesco Schettino has claimed that his bosses knew about the tradition of 'sail by salutes' and that he was asked to do them for publicity stunts, it has emerged. The news comes as the death toll rises to 13 and the number of people missing 20. The body of a woman was found by rescuers on deck seven, about 10 metres below the water line. It has also emerged that there could be a number of unregistered passengers aboard the ship, making the number of missing people much higher. According to details of an interview . with Schettino, 52, he said that Costa Cruises 'knew about the regular . practice' of sailing close by islands and it was carried out 'all around . the world'. He told prosecutors and the . investigating judge, in documents leaked by the Italian media, that the . company planned the salutes to time with local public holidays on the . islands they were due to cruise past. Schettino's latest claims were a direct contradiction of what Costa chief Pierluigi Foschi said last week at a press conference where he said a 'sail by had been authorised just once before' in the summer of 2010 off the island of Procida, close to Naples. His version of events in the 135 page judicial document now raises serious questions over just what Costa Cruises knew the night of the disaster and it may explain why Schettino waited for more than an hour to raise the alarm and why he made a series of phone calls to company chiefs at their HQ in Genoa. They have always insisted that he had 'lied to them' over the incident where the Concordia scrapped rocks and that he made a 'serious error of judgement' in sailing so close past the island of Giglio - just 350ft instead of the regulatory five miles. Schettino said: 'The salute to Giglio was arranged and wanted by Costa before we left Civitavecchia [the port of departure]. It was for publicity reasons. We have carried out those sail by salutes all over the world - Sorrento, Capri. I have sailed past Giglio other times - when I was captain of Costa Europa.' 'The sail past Giglio had been advertised in the daily ship news letter - we should have done it the week before but we couldn't because the weather had been bad. They insisted. They said, "We can be seen and we can get some publicity", so I said OK. Schettino, who grounded the Costa Concordia, said that it was common for a 'sail by' to be performed and that his employers knew about it . Rescuers have found a 13 body, that of a woman, on deck seven of the wreckage . 'The plan was that we should have been around half a nautical mile off the coast but in the end we were 0.28 of a nautical mile away,' adding how Costa knew all about the sail pasts and that they had always been happy for him to do so. Schettino also told judge Valeria Montesarchio how he called Costa operations manager Roberto Ferrarini the night of the disaster and told him that he intended to turn the boat around and sail towards the port of Giglio and try and beach the ship. He said: 'Ferrarini said to me "Yes...do that.." then when the ship had grounded and we spoke again he said, "At this point...more than this...we won't sink anymore," although more than 300 passengers and crew were still onboard at the time and needed to be evacuated. Schettino also added how in one final call Ferrarini had asked him to download all the detail from the Voice Data Recorder on the bridge's black box and added: 'I'll be honest with you. For the 15 days beforehand we had been reporting that the VDR was broken and we had asked for it to be fixed but it never was. He has been ridiculed for abandoning the vessel before passengers and one of the latest recordings, released by Italy’s La Repubblica newspaper, an official can be heard asking the captain whether everyone is going to abandon ship. Sounding breathless, Schettino replies: ‘I’m going to stay here.’ The coastguard asks again: ‘So only you are going to stay there?’ The owners of the ship are now offering a 30 per cent discount to survivors in a bid to stave off any legal action . The wreckage is a huge blight on the coast of Giglio but there has been an increase in visitors to see the liner . He replies: ‘I’m the only one who will stay here.’ Signing off, the coastguard says: ‘Very good, Captain. Continue with the evacuation and we’ll speak later. Keep your mobile with you.’ In another tape recording released last week, an exasperated Gregorio De Falco, head of the local coastguard, ordered Schettino back to his ship to co-ordinate the rescue. The captain later told investigators he ‘tripped and fell’ into a lifeboat. Officials have also said there could be a number of unregistered passengers aboard the vessel, complicating the issue of exactly how many people are missing. 'There could have been X persons who we don't know about who were inside, who were clandestine passengers aboard the ship,' said Franco Gabrielli, the national civil protection official in charge of the rescue effort. Gabrielli said that relatives of a Hungarian woman told Italian authorities that she had telephoned them from aboard the ship and that they haven't heard from her since the accident. People have been flocking to the island for day trips to take pictures of themselves near the sunken ship . He said it was possible that a woman's body pulled from the wreckage by divers on Saturday might be that of the unregistered passenger. But the identity of that body and of three male bodies, all badly decomposed after days in the water, have yet to be established. Gabrielli said they have identified eight other bodies: four French, an Italian, a Hungarian, a German and a Spanish national. Until Sunday, authorities had said that 20 people are still missing. Meanwhile the owners of the Costa Concordia are offering survivors a 30 per cent discount off future cruises in a bid to stave off lawsuits expected to costs hundreds of million of pounds. The decision will be an insult to passengers, many of whom are still battling to get over the trauma of what happened that night. A spokesman for Costa Cruises said they were trying to do everything possible to keep their customers happy and said the discount would be offered to those wanting to stay loyal to the company. He refused to comment about the ongoing investigation. Slaying With Silver in 19th-Century South ‘Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter’ “Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter” is such a smashing title it’s too bad someone had to spoil things by making a movie to go with it. Then again, a big-screen version of Seth Grahame-Smith’s comic novel was doubtless inevitable, given the delectable absurdity of the 16th president of the United States’ going all Buffy on a vamp army, splitting heads like rails. That sounds funny, and for a while it plays like head-exploding gangbusters on screen, particularly when the young Mr. Lincoln (a solid Benjamin Walker), in his grasshopper stage, begins learning how to swing a silver-tipped ax like a kung fu master. (As the great man said : “Whatever you are, be a good one.”) Silver used to seem reserved for slaying werewolves, but these days anything goes when it comes to monsters. The newfangled vampires in “Abraham Lincoln” are largely felled with silver-tipped blades and, like the dead beauties in the “Twilight” movies (and the original “Dracula”), they also move about during the day. What really distinguishes them, though, is less their sun screen than a monstrosity that isn’t simply a matter of myth or the metaphysical anguish that can trouble a modern vampire. Rather, theirs is a historical evil: These vampires are white Southerners whose cause is the enslavement of human beings and not states’ rights. There’s no denying their villainy, a welcome alternative to those real-world celebrations that whitewash the period by ignoring slavery. Written by Mr. Grahame-Smith, the movie opens in 1820 with Abraham as a young boy proving his moral mettle by protecting another child, a black friend, Will (Anthony Mackie takes over the thankless adult role), from a slaver’s whip. The slaver is Jack Barts (Marton Csokas), who takes his revenge on Abraham by lethally nibbling Abe’s mother, Nancy. She’s soon out of the picture, as is his father. This clears the way for the orphan’s revenge, a life mission that, by the time Lincoln is tall enough to skim ceilings, has transformed him into a warrior whose skills are more 20th century than 19th, more reminiscent of the slow-motion cool of early Wachowski brothers than the slow-literature adventures of the earlier era. Nosed along by excerpts from Abraham’s purported journals about his slayer adventures, the story zips from Lincoln’s childhood to young adulthood, where, after a botched vampire hunt, he meets an agreeable enigma, Henry Sturgess (Dominic Cooper). Henry teaches Abraham the Way of the Vampire Kill, an extended, enjoyable lesson that allows the performers to engage with each other rather than serving as props, like most of the actors here. Once Henry leaves the scene, the movie quickly deflates, both because Mr. Cooper isn’t around to fan your interest and because the story’s fealty to its pulpy version of history (Mary Todd, etc.) drags it down. Once Abraham grows a beard, laying down his ax to take up politics, the movie is effectively over, if not done. And the Civil War has scarcely begun. From all the liquid, slo-mo action it’s clear that the Russian director Timur Bekmambetov still holds “The Matrix” close to his heart. He first popped up on American radar with a pair of supernatural diversions, “Night Watch” (2004) and “Day Watch” (2006), that are close to incomprehensible (I became bored trying) but are crammed with enough gloom and pyrotechnics that he soon went Hollywood. His first American studio effort, “Wanted” (2008), is a modestly diverting if finally tedious exercise in which the stylized violence almost upstages its star, Angelina Jolie. “Wanted” is the kind of contemporary studio fun that shows a bullet exiting a human head in slow motion, giving you time to marvel at how the skin around the wound stretches as the projectile leisurely rips through the skull. Mr. Bekmambetov has a knack for screen carnage and he has plenty to work with in “Abraham Lincoln,” which gives him untold bodies with which to paint the screen red. (The intentionally drab, at times duo-chromatic palette dulls the colorful spray.) Outside of Nazis and zombies or, better yet, Nazi zombies, nothing says easily disposable villains like slave-trading vampires. And there is, no question, something satisfying — as the pleasure of the story’s pop conceit hits your deep historical outrage — about watching Lincoln decapitate a slave-trading ghoul, at least the first few dozen times. If only Mr. Bekmambetov had a strong sense of narrative rhythm and proportion, and as great a commitment to life as he does to death and all the ways bodies can be digitally pulverized. “Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter” is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian). Vampire and war violence. Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter Opens on Friday nationwide. Directed by Timur Bekmambetov; written by Seth Grahame-Smith, based on his novel; director of photography, Caleb Deschanel; edited by William Hoy; music by Henry Jackman; production design by François Audouy; costumes by Carlo Poggioli and Varya Avdyushko; produced by Mr. Bekmambetov, Tim Burton and Jim Lemley; released by 20th Century Fox. Running time: 2 hours. WITH: Benjamin Walker (Abraham Lincoln), Dominic Cooper (Henry Sturgess), Anthony Mackie (Will), Mary Elizabeth Winstead (Mary Lincoln), Rufus Sewell (Adam), Marton Csokas (Jack Barts) and Erin Wasson (Vadoma). ||||| Don’t let the stupid title dissuade you from seeing “Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter.” Let the stupid plot, the stupid history, the stupid action scenes, the stupid trivializing of slavery . . . On an unfortunate-ideas scale of one to 10, with one being “wearing white pants after Labor Day” and five being “Green Lantern,” this one rates about a fourscore and seven. Vampires, it turns out, were murdering American pioneers before an informal treaty saw them banished mostly to the South, where they were given the OK to feast on slaves and indirectly start the Civil War. This movie is loud, but I could barely hear it above the sound of jaws dropping on the floor. As a boy, young Abe defends a black kid who gets beaten by an evil employer, who also turns out to be a vampire and kills Abe’s mom. Local vampire-killing expert Henry (Dominic Cooper, failing to blend into 1820s Indiana with his British accent) agrees to train Abe as a master assassin, who chops off heads and limbs with his vampiricide, silver-tipped ax. As Abe uses up some screen time dispatching a list of easily slain subsidiary vampires, he awaits his big chance to get the one (Marton Csokas) who killed his mother, and a couple of assistant villains (Rufus Sewell, Erin Wasson). But he decides politics is a greater antimonster weapon. So: If vampires were Northerners, maybe Abe would have supported slavery? I didn’t know whether to be more offended as a moviegoer or as an American, but I do know I’d rather gargle nitroglycerine than watch this again, though given that the film looks like it were buried under a log cabin for a century, I barely saw it the first time. A dusty case in point: Lincoln’s chase of the lead vampire in a city suddenly, bizarrely turns into a murky CGI horse stampede across the prairie. During which a bad guy throws a horse at Lincoln. I realize vampires are hard to kill, but why is Abe uninjured after plummeting off a cliff at about 60 miles per hour? He’s not a superhero, just a guy with an ax twirling around fast-slow-fast. Who knew Honest Abe invented Matrix Time? Playing Lincoln is a guy named Benjamin Walker, who reminded me of one of the most notable Lincoln portrayers: Robo-Abe in Disney World’s Hall of Presidents. Nudged only slightly — Scruffy the Vampire Slayer? — this material could have acknowledged its absurdity and been a zany Mel Brooks-ian comedy, but all-American director Timur Bekmambetov (“Wanted”) maintains an Ed Wood-level earnestness throughout as he asks us to consider that Gettysburg might have been turned around by a secret shipment of vampire-killing silver projectiles. Wait — don’t you handle vamps with crosses and holy water? Shouldn’t they save the silver bullets for the sequel, “Mahatma Gandhi: Werewolf Butcher”? Never mind. Why is the story about Lincoln, anyway? Because if it were just a random backwoods monster-slaughtering yokel whose tiny girlfriend stands on his stovepipe hat to kiss him (is it reinforced with oak?), nobody would care. Lincoln is the random celebrity hook for a buzz-fed culture in which everyone you’ve heard of is essentially a guest at the same cocktail party of history. So: the Soup Nazi is kinda like Hitler, Nicole Richie equals Niccolo Machiavelli, Shakira is a peer of Shakespeare. Whatever, they’ve all been on Gawker, right? ||||| History remembers him as Honest Abe, Father Abraham, the Great Emancipator, even the Illinois Rail Splitter. But"Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter"? Who knew? Now, the secret life of the 16th president of the United States and his passion for ridding the world of "immortal blood sucking demons" is revealed for all to see. In 3-D, no less. It turns out that it wasn't just the lack of air-conditioning that made Lincoln miserable in the fetid air of 1860sWashington, D.C., it was all the undead he had to eradicate before the slaves could be freed and the Union made whole. That's enough to raise a sweat in any man. All this information comes courtesy of Seth Grahame-Smith, who wrote the original mash-up novel as well as the screenplay of the new film relentlessly directed by Timur Bekmambetov. Given the subject matter, an exercise in delicacy and restraint was unlikely, but it's too bad that the film's concept is way more entertaining than what has ended up on-screen. For the creative team behind this Abe endeavor has decided to take things completely seriously, to insist that these Lincoln vs. vampire shenanigans are, in the director's words, "a manifestation of the real drama, the real nightmare the country went through, which was slavery." Right. And though care was taken to make sure that the film's Civil War props were authentic, "Vampire Hunter's" tone is unapologetically savage. Even the occasional runaway train is not enough to hide the fact that a movie consisting of multiple vampire attacks quickly gets repetitive and exhausting. Not to mention very, very bloody. Bekmambetov, whose previous works include the Russian "Night Watch" and "Day Watch" and Angelina Jolie's "Wanted," is not one to shy away from the brutal. Although the film's use of 3-D is mostly pedestrian, it's at its most effective when those vampires and their grotesque dentures provide enough "open wide" moments to unnerve a team of Beverly Hills orthodontists. "Vampire Hunter's" dramatic intentions are way ahead of its ability to execute them, so even capable actors such as Dominic Cooper, Anthony Mackie, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Rufus Sewell don't make much of an impression. And star Benjamin Walker, in his first significant film role, doesn't do much more than look appropriately lantern-jawed and determined. Before all these adults get their chance on-screen, back we go to Lincoln's childhood in Indiana, when he sees his best friend beaten for being black and watches in horror as local vampire Jack Barts (Marton Csokas) does in young Abe's beloved mother. Lincoln vows revenge, but, being already dead, vampires are difficult to kill. This and other pertinent information is passed on to the young man by Henry Sturges (Cooper), a determined vampire hunter who knows and tells all. Soon enough, the powerfully built former rail-splitter is swinging his custom-built silver-bladed ax like there was no tomorrow — which for the vampires who get in his way happens to be the truth. Lincoln also reveals himself to be perhaps the only master of slick Asian martial arts moves — the film's fight scenes were choreographed by the Acting School of Fighting Kun-Do in far-off Kazakhstan — to be raised in an Indiana log cabin. Go figure. Moving to Springfield, Ill., Lincoln disregards Sturges' advice to avoid personal entanglements by wooing the comely Mary Todd (Winstead) and re-establishing his childhood friendship with Will Johnson (Mackie). He also comes to the attention of the one-named vampire-in-chief Adam (Sewell), said to be 5,000 years old, give or take. A pre-"Twilight" advocate of vampire rights, he will stop at nothing — nothing! — until "the whole country is ours." We watch in increasing perplexity as the personal becomes political when our man in the White House discovers that Southern slavery is really all about providing healthy choices for hungry vampires. "We're all slaves to something," Adam tells him, which makes you wish all over again that vampire hunting involved more wit and less whacking. A whole lot less whacking. kenneth.turan@latimes.com ||||| 1.5 out of 4 stars Title Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter Written by Seth Grahame-Smith and Simon Kinberg Directed by Timur Berkmambetov Starring Benjamin Wallace, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Rufus Sewell, Dominic Cooper Genre Action Classification 14A Country USA Language English Year 2012 The trouble with the so-called high-concept film is that too often the concept is the best thing about it and the actual movie essentially a series of rather rote, progressively more tiresome variations on its premise. Think Snakes on a Plane,Twins with Arnold Schwarzenegger and Danny De Vito, Alien vs Predator, Dumb and Dumber or Hobo with a Shotgun: The biggest high comes from the images evoked by the title alone, or the title in tandem with the movie poster, doesn't it? Certainly this is true of Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter. Director Timur Berkmambetov (who had a hit a few years ago with Angelina Jolie in Wanted) piles on the CGI, the 3-D effects, the fangs and the phlegm and the gore. But finally the veins are drained in vain: with few exceptions, Berkmambetov's techno-strenuousness delivers no more kick than the simple, silly but nonetheless inspired gambit of mashing the name of the 16th president of the United States with the Buffy-esque job title "vampire hunter." Based on the best-selling 2010 novel of the same name by Seth Grahame-Smith (who also co-wrote the screenplay), the movie takes some of the touchstones of Lincoln's 56 years and warps them into a weave of the factual and the fantastic. It's well-known, for instance, that Nancy Hanks, Lincoln's mother, died in 1818 when Abe was only 9. The cause of death is generally ascribed to her having consumed poisoned milk, apparently a common phenomenon in rural America in the 19th century. But in Grahame-Smith's revisionist hysteria, Hanks' demise is the result of being bitten by a vampire named Jack Barts, a violation the young Abe just happens to witness from his attic perch and, of course, later vows to avenge. A dab hand with an axe in real life – one of Lincoln's many nicknames was "the rail splitter" –Grahame-Smith's young-adult Lincoln (Benjamin Wallace) crosses paths with a dissolute vampire hunter, Henry Sturges (Dominic Cooper), who steeps him in both vampire lore and a spew of axioms (e.g., "Real power comes not from hate but from truth;" "Only the living can kill the dead") while sharpening the lad's chops to lethal perfection. Soon it's chop, chop, Abraham Lincoln's silver axe hacking down upon their heads, whack, whack, Abe's silver axe making damn sure they are dead! Story continues below advertisement Berkmambetov shows real kinetic skill in these early encounters, which are all the more potent for their relative brevity. There are also flashes of droll humour: while picnicking with Mary Todd, the woman who will eventually be his wife (Mary Elizabeth Winstead), Lincoln apologizes for his weariness and distractedness by saying "I'm sorry; I've been working nights." Expanding upon that, he confesses: "I've killed six vampires," at which an amused Mary remarks: "And I thought you were an honest man. Really, Abe!" Would that Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter had more such playfulness. Instead, it gets more like a comic book; the set-pieces ever more (and numbingly) violent, longer, gimmick-laden and noisy, the story preposterous, cartoonish, impenetrable, the characters like cardboard cut-outs in dressup. Somewhere in all the murk, Lincoln decides to forsake hatchet jobs for marriage, family, an obviously fake beard that gives Wallace all the eminence of a whiskery Robin Williams, the presidency of the United States and the abolition of slavery. Of course, once a vampire killer, always a vampire killer, even if you're pushing 60: when in the course of the Civil War, Lincoln's desperate Confederate counterpart Jefferson Davis agrees to an unholy alliance with Adam, the 5,000-year-old King of the Vampires (Rufus Sewell), the prez realizes he has to come out of retirement and apply both his smarts about the undead and his axemanship to ensure that government of the people, by the people, for the people shall not perish from the earth. Last time I looked the U.S.A. was still standing, but what likely could perish this weekend is this movie as Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter finds itself trading box-office blows with Pixar's mighty Brave. You can see the headline now: Vampire Sucks, Brave Success. ||||| London, England (CNN) -- Paving slabs that convert energy from people's footsteps into electricity are set to help power Europe's largest urban mall, at the 2012 London Olympics site. The recycled rubber "PaveGen" paving slabs harvest kinetic energy from the impact of people stepping on them and instantly deliver tiny bursts of electricity to nearby appliances. The slabs can also store energy for up to three days in an on-board battery, according to its creator. In their first commercial application, 20 tiles will be scattered along the central crossing between London's Olympic stadium and the recently opened Westfield Stratford City mall -- which expects an estimated 30 million customers in its first year. "That should be enough feet to power about half its (the mall's) outdoor lighting needs," said Laurence Kemball-Cook, a 25-year-old engineering graduate who developed the prototype during his final year of university in 2009. The green slabs are designed to compress five millimeters when someone steps on them, but PaveGen will not share the precise mechanism responsible for converting absorbed kinetic energy into electricity. Although each step produces only enough electricity to keep an LED-powered street lamp lit for 30 seconds, Kemball-Cook says that the tiles are a real-world "crowdsourcing" application, harnessing small contributions from a large number of individuals. "We recently came back from a big outdoor festival where we got over 250,000 footsteps -- that was enough to charge 10,000 mobile phones," said Kemball-Cook. The young inventor envisages PaveGen systems being used to power off-grid appliances such as public lighting, illuminated street maps and advertising, and to be installed in areas of dense human traffic such as city centers, underground stations and school corridors. "Our main test installation is at a school in Kent (southeast England) -- where 1,100 kids have devoted their lives to stamping all over them for the last eight months," said Kemball-Cook. In its current form, the PaveGen paving slab contains a low-energy LED which lights up, expressing the energy transfer idea to the user but only consuming around 5% of the energy from each footstep. "This is what I really enjoy about the design," said Richard Miller, head of sustainability at the UK's government-funded Technology Strategy Board. "As much as it's an effective, common-sense source of some sustainable electricity, it's also a great way for people to engage with the issue of sustainability ... to feel like they are part of the solution in a very immediate, fun and visual way that doesn't make you do anything you wouldn't already be doing," said Miller. However, although generally enthusiastic about the product, for the time being Miller withholds speculation about its far-reaching impact. "As with all things of this nature, on a large scale and in the long term, its success will be determined by how cost-effective it is to produce ... If it turns out to be expensive, then it will struggle to find a place as anything more than a niche application," he said. Kemball-Cook declines to comment on the cost of each slab, arguing that their current price is much higher than what it will be when they go into mass production. That said, the company has already won a spate of awards, including the Big Idea category at the UK's Ethical Business Awards and the Shell LiveWire Grand Ideas Award. PaveGen has also recently received a round of financing from a group of London-based angel investors, although the sum is undisclosed. Kemball-Cook is confident that the slab is durable. Over the course of a month it was subjected to a machine that replicates the pounding of footsteps, non-stop every day, he added. "It's also really easy to install as a retrofit on existing pavements, because they can be made to match their exact dimensions ... you just replace one slab with another," he said. Looking to the future, Kemball-Cook would like to see the paving system introduced to the developing world, in areas that have a high footfall, but are off-grid, such as the slums in Mumbai. "The average person takes 150 million steps in their lifetime, just imagine the potential," he said. Far from just plonking a squirrel feeder in the back garden, Steven Barley's elaborate set-up not only entices local wildlife but makes them stars of his hit web videos. Writer and teacher Barley's latest creation is the Grand National, or 'Grand Nut-ional', featuring three of the little creatures in a race along an obstacle course hanging at his Hertfordshire home. 'The obstacles started out as a way to cut down on the amount of nuts the squirrels were eating and went from there,' Barley, dubbed the 'Squirrel Man of Hitchin' on YouTube, tells MailOnline. 'First it was a bird feeder on the end of the washing line but it's become more and more advanced.' His previous 'cheeky squirrel' videos have been viewed over one million times and feature, along with the squirrels, 50-year-old Barley's witty, pun-filled commentary. 'I wanted to do something different for the new one and had always wanted to do a race, so I thought why not the most famous race in the world, the Grand National,' he says. Steven Barley created the elaborate set-up in his garden, calling it the Grand Nutional . The teacher and writer hilariously narrates the antics of his two key racers . Filmed in October, Barley found time over the Christmas break to edit his patiently compiled footage of Ninja Nutcase and Lady Bobtail as they take on the five obstacle course, including a water jump - Lord Greystroke showed promise but shied away from the jumps. While the squirrels look more than willing to take on the course, that's largely thanks to Barley's clever method of introducing his little mates to the jumps made out of 'quality junk' from around his house including pan scourers, plastic spoons. 'I gradually move the nuts along the course so when they come to it they have a new challenge, but they're very clever and work it out quickly,' he says. The squirrels can be seen jumping over a series of fences on a suspended plank . Lady Bobtail tackles the longer of the jumps, unlike Ninja Nutcase who skirted round it . The two squirrels finally reach their prize - and endless supply of nuts right at the end of the run . Ninja Nutcase dips a paw in the water... before stopping to have a quick drink while completing the course . The teacher even set up a model to wave the flag to signal the beginning of the race . Barley stresses while in a sense he's training them to do the course, he would never hand feed them. 'I'd never do anything to harm them and they're not doing anything more than they would in the wild,' he says. 'But they are a great source of entertainment for us.' DENVER -- Denver Health Medical Center confirms an anesthesiologist accused of posting a racially charged comment on Facebook is no longer seeing patients at the hospital until further notice. The post on a picture of a yelling Michelle Obama said, "doesn't seem to be speaking too eloquently here, thank god we can't hear her! Harvard??? That's a place for "entitled" folks said all the liberals!” The poster goes onto comment, "Monkey face and poor ebonic English!!! There! I feel better and am still not racist!!! Just calling it like it is!" The poster, Dr. Michelle Herren, is a pediatric anesthesiologist at Denver Health Medical Center and Children's Hospital Colorado and is listed online as an assistant professor at CU's School of Medicine. While the hospital told Denver7 Tuesday that it couldn't control the opinions their staff express as private individuals, on Thursday the company confirmed, "Until further notice, Michelle Herren, MD, will not be seeing patients or providing anesthesia services at Denver Health Medical Center." The University of Colorado School of Medicine has also begun the process of terminating Dr. Herren's faculty appointment. "She has expressed values that are at odds with ours and she has compromised her ability to meet the teaching and patient care missions of the School of Medicine," said School of Medicine Dean John J. Reilly, Jr. in a statement Thursday afternoon. The comment has since been removed and Herren has taken down her Facebook page. Dr. Herren told Denver 7's Molly Hendrickson over the phone that her comment was taken "out of context" and insists she didn't realize the term “monkey face” is offensive. Herren said she was responding to another post pointing out people say whatever they want about Melania Trump, but if they do the same about Michelle Obama they're considered racist. Denver Health said Dr. Herren had been employed there since October of 2007. Denver Health wrote on Facebook: "Denver Health is deeply disappointed by the remarks posted on social media by Dr. Michelle Herren against the First Lady of the United States. We are offended by the comments made by this individual, who was acting independently in her private capacity. Her views are contrary to the mission and values of Denver Health, and to our staff and patients. Denver Health proudly serves people of all races, genders, sexual orientations, and social backgrounds – and our staff and patient population truly reflect our diverse community and nation. We are reaching out to all of our patients, employees and physicians to reinforce our culture, mission and beliefs that all individuals regardless of their race, religion, ethnicity, gender or sexual orientation are deserving of dignity and respect." Children's Hospital Colorado says Dr. Herren is neither employed by, nor caring for patients at the hospital. --------- Sign up for Denver7 email alerts to stay informed about breaking news and daily headlines. Or, keep up-to-date on the latest news and weather with the Denver7 apps for iPhone/iPads, Android and Kindle. ||||| The University of Colorado’s School of Medicine is planning to cut ties with Dr. Michelle Herren, a faculty member and pediatric anesthesiologist, who made a racist remark on Facebook. “We are beginning the process to terminate Dr. Herren’s faculty appointment,” Mark Couch, spokesman for the school, said Thursday. “She has expressed values that are at odds with ours and she has compromised her ability to meet the teaching and patient care mission of the School of Medicine.” Herren, who works at Denver Health Medical Center, holds a non-paid faculty appointment at the CU School of Medicine and a medical staff appointment at Children’s Hospital, where Denver Health physicians supervise residents and other medical practitioners in training. Herren responded to a Facebook post praising First Lady Michelle Obama with the statement: “Monkey face and poor ebonic English!!! There! I feel better and am still not racist!!! Just calling it like it is!” It remains unclear whether Denver Health will take similar action against her. “We are bumping up against a first amendment right,” said Kelli Christensen, Denver Health spokeswoman. “A lot of people are working very hard to resolve this situation.” After The Denver Post and other media covered the story, first reported by Denver7, the hospital said Herren would not be seeing patients or providing anesthesia services there until further notice. Denver Health also released a statement saying that officials were offended by the comments, which were made while Herren was “acting independently in her private capacity.” First Amendment protections for those in the public sector make it difficult to terminate or otherwise take action against an employee for offensive statements outside the workplace, according to legal experts. “Government employers can impose restrictions on statements made within the workplace or referring to the workplace, but they can’t act on statements made outside of the workplace unless they show a substantial likelihood of material impact on the employee’s performance or disruption within the workplace,” said Steven D. Zansberg, a First Amendment lawyer in Denver. The hospital is “a political subdivision of the state,” Christensen said. But a private employer can fire someone for comments made outside the work place, even if there is no obvious impact on their business, without worrying about First Amendment protections, said Lorri Ray, a lawyer with Mountain States Employers Council. If the public spotlight on the comments has an impact on the hospital, its legal department might find it easier to take adverse employment action, Ray said. “But I’m sure the lawyers are looking at it very carefully because the right of free speech is protected in the public sector.” In a letter obtained by The Denver Post, Dr. John Reilly Jr., the CU vice chancellor for health affairs, expressed concern to Herren over the remarks, saying community members distributed them to CU Regents, the School of Medicine, affiliated hospitals and local media. “I ask that you inform me of your perspective on whether you can continue to teach effectively given the multiple communications I have received from students, faculty and public expressing their opinion that your posting demonstrates that you should not be involved in the education of our students,” he wrote. Reilly’s letter also suggests that Herren’s comments has caused wide-spread damage. “Your comments and tone are harmful to the students we teach and the patients we care for,” he wrote. “Your derogatory, insensitive remarks have resulted in harm to others in our community and beyond.” CU’s Board of Regents requires faculty members “to remember that the public may judge their profession and institution by their utterances,” he wrote. ||||| DENVER -- It's the Facebook post Joann Nieto calls "entirely unacceptable." "I think it's sad," Nieto said. It depicts a picture of a yelling Michelle Obama with the comment, "doesn't seem to be speaking too eloquently here, thank god we can't hear her! Harvard??? That's a place for "entitled" folks said all the liberals!” The poster goes onto comment, "Monkey face and poor ebonic English!!! There! I feel better and am still not racist!!! Just calling it like it is!" "Hiding behind the excuse that you're not racist, doesn't negate the fact that you are being racist," Nieto said. What's worse, Nieto discovered the poster is Dr. Michelle Herren, a pediatric anesthesiologist who works at Denver Health Medical Center, Children's Hospital Colorado and is listed online as an assistant professor at CU's School of Medicine. "I think you have to hold yourself to a higher standard as being a public employee, as well as being a professor in such a critical field," Nieto said. The comment has since been removed and Herren has taken down her Facebook page. "It stayed on there for four days until I had said something to the CU Board of Regents, and I sent an email to them. If I never would have mentioned anything to them, how much longer would that comment have been out there in the public world?" Nieto said. Dr. Herren declined an on-camera interview, but told Denver 7's Molly Hendrickson over the phone that her comment was taken "out of context" and insists she didn't realize the term “monkey face” is offensive. Herren said she was responding to another post pointing out people say whatever they want about Melania Trump, but if they do the same about Michelle Obama they're considered racist. Denver Health released the following statement Tuesday night: Denver Health's mission is to provide high quality health care to all, regardless of income levels, ethnicity, gender or social background. Our staff and our patient population are reflective of the diverse Denver Community we serve. We don't condone nor do we agree with the statements Dr. Herren made, as they are inconsistent with Denver Health's mission and values. However, we cannot control the opinions our staff choose to express as private individuals. Denver Health said Dr. Herren has been employed there since October of 2007 and currently makes $363,600 a year. --------- Sign up for Denver7 email alerts to stay informed about breaking news and daily headlines. Or, keep up-to-date on the latest news and weather with the Denver7 apps for iPhone/iPads , Android and Kindle . ||||| By . Daily Mail Reporter . All frontline officers in the country's biggest police force will routinely use body-worn cameras within the next two years. Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe announced that 16,000 uniformed patrolling officers will be given the devices by March 2016 at an estimated cost of £9 million. The cameras are being introduced in the wake of the fatal shooting of Mark Duggan, whose death at the hands of a police marksman sparked a wave of unrest that spread across the country. Police officers in the London Borough of Havering equipped with body cameras while out on patrol . A small team of firearms officers has also been trialling the cameras for just over a week but they cannot yet be used by undercover teams, and so would not have been deployed in the operation that led to Mr Duggan's death. Sir Bernard said: 'It's important for policing to be transparent. I would argue that this is going to be as significant a development as the involvement of lawyers, tape recorders and CCTV in detention areas and cells.' Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe announced that 16,000 uniformed patrolling officers will be given the devices . The cameras are already being trialled in 10 boroughs across London and on August 7 pencil cameras were given for the first time to a uniformed armed unit, the Trojan Proactive Unit. It is a centrally-controlled, 14-member squad which sends out armed teams in BMW X5s, particularly to high-crime areas. They have already been used to record a confrontation with a man brandishing an iron bar. Police marksmen in south Wales will also start testing the devices next month. Strategic firearms commander Superintendent Ian Hackett said: 'The vast majority of firearms officers are very positive about this. They see it as long overdue, they've got nothing to hide. 'They want the public to see how they operate and to see the pressure that officers are under, and the split-second decision making.' A former Scotland Yard marksman identified only as E7 has been charged with murder for shooting robbery suspect Azelle Rodney in an operation that was only filmed because one of the team decided to bring a camera. Two fellow firearms officers have resigned from their marksman roles in the wake of the charging decision. It is planned that the armed teams will not be allowed to view the footage they have captured until after they have given a full statement about a shooting, which includes a vital account of why they felt force was justified. Cameras are already being rolled out in new police vans, which are replaced every two to three years. Silverstone, England (CNN) -- It was a red letter day for Formula One driver Jules Bianchi at Silverstone this week. The Frenchman donned Ferrari's famous scarlet uniform as he was chosen to deputize for the injured Kimi Raikkonen on the final day of in-season testing. Bianchi, who drives for the back-of-the-grid Marussia team, told CNN he received a phone call on Monday evening asking him to stand in for the Finn, who is recuperating from a bruising crash in Sunday's British Grand Prix. His big chance was widely seen as an audition for a future Ferrari drive -- perhaps as soon as 2016. The 24-year-old did not fluff his lines in Wednesday's session, setting the fastest time and clocking up 89 laps. "I was consistent and doing good lap time," Bianchi said after stepping out the Ferrari F14 T racer. "I think I showed the team I can work well and I can be quick, but it was a day of testing so it was not the target to compare me with other drivers. "It was just the target to improve the car and to help the team, so I think I've done my job with that and I'm really happy." It is not the first time that Bianchi, who has been under the wing of the Ferrari Academy since 2010, has driven in a test for the Italian marque. But despite a reluctance to talk up his Silverstone outing, the call-up seemed to have extra significance because he was chosen to replace Raikkonen, who said after his crash he still wanted to fulfill his testing duties. Fernando Alonso, the team's de facto No. 1, was also not brought back to England to help with the crucial final test of the 2014 season. "If one day they want me I will be ready," Bianchi said when asked if he was hopeful his testing performance would lead to promotion to a Ferrari seat. "Considering that I'm part of the academy it's the target one day, so I have to show them. "We'll see because at the moment they have two drivers and they are doing a good job so I don't think it's the plan. "For the moment I will just focus on what I have do which is with Marussia. I think it's really important to keep going like this. "It's never easy to stay in Formula One but I hope I show enough to Ferrari that I deserve to stay so they can help me." Bianchi has impressed since making his debut last season with Marussia, which uses Ferrari engines. At the 2014 Monaco Grand Prix he claimed his first career points -- and the first for the team since it started out as Manor Racing in 2010 -- by finishing ninth. While Bianchi continues to work towards a future at Ferrari, Alonso and Raikkonen are both out of contract at the end of 2015. Ferrari is the only team to boast a lineup of two world champions but the experienced pairing has struggled to deliver results. It has been another difficult season for the once-dominant force in F1. Ferrari president Luca Di Montzemolo went so far as to call it "painful." The Ferrari engine has not matched the might of Mercedes -- which leads both the driver and constructor championships -- and team principal Stefano Domenicali resigned three races into the season, triggering structural changes within the organization. Alonso has continued to battle on track, claiming the team's only podium with third in China, but there are question marks over Raikkonen's performance and motivation since he joined from Lotus. The team's 2007 champion has out-qualified Alonso twice but has been beaten by the Spanish double world champion in every grand prix so far. If Bianchi represents the future, it is no wonder Ferrari is already looking ahead. (CNN) -- Insurgents locked in a standoff with U.S. Marines tricked them by dressing up as women to escape, a task force spokesman said Monday. U.S. Marines scan the site of a blast that hit a U.S. vehicle in southern Afghanistan. Women and children had been caught in the standoff between the armed groups, but some of the women were not what they seemed, according to task force spokesman Capt. William Pelletier. After the Marines began taking fire from insurgents in the town of Khan Neshin, in south Afghanistan near the Helmand River, the militants ran into a multiple-room compound, the U.S. military said. Unsure of whether civilians were inside the compound, the Marines had an interpreter talk to the insurgents, said an official who asked not to be named because he was not authorized to speak publicly. After some time, a number of women and children left the compound, the military official said. The released hostages told the Marines that there were no more civilians inside the compound, Pelletier said. But the Marines held their fire anyway, the official said. About 4 p.m. (7:30 a.m. ET), in the midst of the standoff, another group of women and children emerged from the compound, the official said. The Marines continued to hold their fire and wait out the insurgents, the official said. Finally, a screaming woman emerged from the compound with a bullet wound to her hand, Pelletier said. Then, another group of women came out, covered from head to toe according to custom, he said, with a couple of children in tow. The Marines attended to the wounded woman while the others walked away. When the Marines went into the compound, they discovered that it empty, Pelletier said. That's when they realized the fighters had dressed up as women to escape, he said. "Apparently these were tall, rather broad-shouldered women with hairy feet," Pelletier said. The Marines' restrained approach differs from previous hits on compounds when airstrikes were readily called in, the official said. Under a new tactical directive for forces in Afghanistan, some of which was unclassified Monday, forces must protect civilians soldiers and must be sensitive to Afghan cultural norms regarding women. Pelletier said that during the standoff, "the Marines didn't have any female forces to do any searches, and they weren't going to violate cultural norms by patting down these women." The standoff in the town of Khan Neshin was especially significant because it has been a Taliban stronghold for several years, and the U.S. military reported that the Afghan government regained control of the town Monday. Coalition forces began talks with local leaders several days ago and have moved about 500 Marines into Khan Neshin, a U.S. military news release said. The government takeover of Khan Neshin marks the first time coalition forces have had a sustained presence so far south in the Helmand River valley, the release said. The mission to secure Khan Neshin coincides with "establishing secure conditions" for August elections in Afghanistan, according to the release. Elsewhere in Afghanistan, a six U.S. soldiers were killed Monday by two roadside bombs, a representative for NATO forces said. Four were killed in Kunduz province in northern Afghanistan, the U.S. military said. The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack. Two soldiers were killed in southern Afghanistan, NATO's International Security Assistance Forces said. CNN's Barbara Starr contributed to this report. The body of the man, who was in his 20s, was recovered by police divers near Welsh Back on Saturday. Police said a member of the public reported seeing the man in the water at 12.30 GMT and went into the river to try to rescue him. They have asked anyone who saw the man go into the river to contact them. The body has not been formally identified. Insp Shaun Finn said: "The water at this time of year can be icy cold and can be very dangerous to even the young and fit. "The cold water can really shock the body in a matter of seconds making it extremely difficult to swim or stay afloat. "While trips and falls might happen, we'd strongly advise anyone against deliberately going in the water as what might seem like a harmless dip can go horribly wrong very quickly." The 29-year-old suffered a blow to the head at Ulster in February 2016. He said: "It has been a frustrating time. When I had the bang I was just sitting around and wasn't able to do a lot really. "I still don't remember the concussion tests. I think that was half the problem." Media playback is not supported on this device Shingler made his first appearance of the season last weekend against Connacht as Scarlets registered their first win of the season. He said: "I was suffering from headaches and dizziness for a long time and I was a little bit concerned if it was ever going to get better. "I thought 'this could be the end'. Luckily it has cleared up itself and here we are." Shingler says he will not let the threat of another concussion affect his approach. "It could occur again if I have a bad bang. I'm not too concerned. I'm not holding anything back because of it." He is now looking forward to Scarlets' trip to Treviso on Saturday as they look to climb from eighth in the table. "If we lost at home against Connacht we would have been in a tricky situation - it's great to have got that win," Shingler added. "Again we are under pressure this weekend as we are chasing from quite far behind now." A total of 70.8% of red calls were reached within eight minutes in November, official figures have shown. It is the second month of a year-long pilot to test changes to the way the Welsh Ambulance Services NHS Trust responds to patients. In October, almost 69% of code red calls were responded to within eight minutes compared with the 65% target. The latest figures showed more than a third of patients who received red callouts had a response within four minutes. Deputy Health Minister Vaughan Gething said he expected the service to "continue to improve to ensure people who need the life-saving skills of ambulance clinicians do so in the quickest time possible and get the best possible outcomes". Shadow Health Minister Darren Millar said: "It's no surprise that Labour's watered-down ambulance service targets have been met again this month. "Frontline staff deserve to be commended for their hard work but it is the experience of patients that counts and many are still waiting too long for ambulances to turn up when they need them." Plaid Cymru's health spokeswoman, Elin Jones, added: "These figures come as little surprise given that the Labour Welsh government recently manipulated the targets. The reality is that far too many people are still waiting far too long for emergency attention." A middle school student armed with two butcher knives and a creepy clown mask had to be subdued by a resource officer after he stormed into his school's cafeteria. The incident took place at West Rowan Middle School in Salisbury, North Carolina on Tuesday morning. Police said the student started waving one of the 12 inch butcher knives 'wildly in the air' while wearing a clown mask in the school's cafeteria. Frightening: The incident took place at West Rowan Middle School in Salisbury, North Carolina . Weapon: A middle school student was armed with two butcher knifes and had one more in his book bag . School: West Rowan Middle School in Salisbury, North Carolina did not go on lock down during the incident . Other students began screaming and running away, leaving the student, who has not been named, standing with both knives in the air. School resource officer Deputy Danny Lindley said he rushed in to subdue the 14-year-old student. He told WBTV: 'I approached the cafeteria [where] a lot of the children were running out. 'When I first got into the cafeteria I saw a subject standing there wearing a clown mask and holding a butcher knife in his hand. 'He was not moving, he was just standing there with the knife straight out in front of me, so I went for my asp baton, which is a metal pipe. 'I decided that since he wasn't making any aggressive moves toward me that I would try and just disarm him and get him to lay the knife down, go with that approach first. The deputy asked the student to drop the weapon but he continued to hold it in his right hand. He then asked him two more times to drop the knife but he did not. Deputy Lindley said he hit the student with a baton in his forearm three times altogether. He then placed the boy in handcuffs. During the incident, the teenager made 'several statements', but officials have not released information on what those statements were. After he was hit on the arm, he fell silent and stood still while Lindley put him against the wall and patted him down for additional weapons. Creepy: Police said the student started waving a butcher knife 'wildly in the air' while wearing this clown mask . Police: Sheriff Kevin Auten was pleased that the resource officer was there and resolved it peacefully . Strange: The eighth grade student is described as a white male, and will be evaluated by mental health doctors . Sheriff Kevin Auten said the deputy found another butcher knife in the student's book bag. Deputy Lindley added: '[If] a person has a knife, we're basically trained that we can use up to and including deadly force.' 'I felt that since there were no other children around him and no one was in immediate danger that I would start at the lower end of the use of force continuum which would be the asp baton. The school did not go on lock down because the threat was quickly eliminated. No other students or staff members were injured during the incident. The eighth grade student involved is described as a white male. He was taken to the local medical center to be treated for his arm injury. He will also be evaluated by mental health professionals. Officers said the investigation will continue once medical officials determine the type of treatment the student may require. Deputy Lindley added: ‘I'm glad that it turned out the way it did, no one got hurt. A lot of people got scared, but no one was physically hurt. 'It could have been a lot worse and in the back of my mind I think, you know, I could have shot the kid, but I'm glad I didn't.' By . Daily Mail Reporter . Last updated at 12:28 AM on 5th February 2012 . More than a hundred dolphins have now beached off Cape Cod as mammals continue to get inexplicably stranded on the region's beaches. Three died on Friday, meaning that of 116 common dolphins that have beached since January 12, 84 have died, though rescuers have managed to save the rest. This year’s strandings dwarf the average of 37 common dolphin strandings annually over the last 12 years, and no one can explain why the numbers have mysteriously spiked this year. Scroll down for video . Save: Two rescued common dolphins are kept warm with blankets after beaching on a Cape Cod shore . Worker: The International Fund for Animal Welfare's Marine Mammal Rescue Team Manager, Katie Moore places a hand on a rescued common dolphin . Scientists have theories, ranging from geography, weather changes or behaviour of their prey. Mike Booth of the International Fund . for Animal Welfare, which is leading rescue efforts, said dolphins . remain close off the Cape and more strandings are possible. Massachusetts lawmakers held a . Congressional briefing on the issue Friday and campaigned for federal . funding to hep the staff and some 300 trained volunteers, the Cape Cod Times reported. Friday’s death came after ten dolphins approached Wellfleet, and four beached. Three died and one was rescued. Rescue: Four common dolphins wait to be released back into Cape Cod Bay, just some of 30 stranded along . Cape Cod Bay's shores from Dennis to Wellfleet . Precaution: A rescued common dolphin is given a hearing test before being released back into Cape Cod Bay. Some of the dolphins were also tagged . Although this time of year is known to be 'high season' for dolphin stranding near Cape Cod, IFAW aren't sure why so many dolphins are beaching now. One theory is that the marine creates get stranded during low tides while hunting for food. When the tide goes out, the dolphins become stranded. Katie Moore, a Cape Cod dolphin rescue veteran of 15 years told CNN, that this is only the second time she has seen this many dolphins washing ashore. 'Sometimes they come up one at a time, other times we see them 10 at a time,' she said. IFAW's stranding coordinator B. Sharp said: 'This might be the largest dolphin stranding geographically speaking that we've had.' video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo player . Abercynon-born Roberts played for Swansea Town and Northampton before joining Arsenal in 1969. He spent more than three years in north London and was a member of the Gunners squad that won the league and cup double in the 1970-71 season. Roberts also played for Birmingham City, Wrexham and Hull and won 22 caps for Wales between 1971 and 1976. The centre-half was part of the Wales squad that reached the quarter-finals of the 1976 European Championship. Two years later, he helped Wrexham to win the Third Division and the Welsh Cup. "Everyone at the Racecourse would like to pass on their sympathies to John's family and friends at this sad time," said a Wrexham statement. Former Arsenal goalkeeper Bob Wilson described him as a "gentle giant and lovely friend" who "played a crucial role" in the double winning season. London (CNN) -- A British man left paralyzed from the neck down by a catastrophic stroke seven years ago lost his High Court battle Thursday to gain a legal right to end his life when he chooses. Tony Nicklinson's condition means it is impossible for him to take his own life -- and he wants the legal right to have a doctor take his life without fear of prosecution. Since he suffered the stroke in 2005, the former rugby player, now 58, has had to endure what is known as locked-in syndrome. "This means that most of my body is paralyzed but my mind is as it was before the stroke. All I can move is my head, and the stroke took away my power of speech. Now I talk to people with a perspex spelling board or a computer operated by my eye blinks," he told CNN in an interview in June. But while expressing sympathy for his situation, the High Court ruled Thursday that such a significant change to the law -- involving overturning the ban on voluntary euthanasia -- would have to be decided by lawmakers. The judges also rejected a similar challenge to the law brought by a second man suffering locked-in syndrome, named only as Martin. "The Court recognised that the cases raise profoundly difficult ethical, social and legal issues, but it judged that any change to the law must be a matter for Parliament to decide," a statement from the court said. The ruling upset Nicklinson, who cried as his wife, Jane, told the waiting media that the family was "bitterly disappointed" and would file an appeal. In the meantime, her husband will have to continue living as he is, or starve himself to death, she said. In a statement given via his computer, Tony Nicklinson said: "It's not the result I was hoping for but it isn't entirely unexpected. Judges, like politicians, are happiest when they can avoid confronting the real issues and this judgement is not an exception to the rule. "I believe the legal team acting on my behalf is prepared to go all the way with this but unfortunately for me it means yet another period of physical discomfort, misery and mental anguish while we find out who controls my life -- me or the state." His daughters, tweeting on his behalf Thursday, urged people to sign a petition via his Twitter account supporting his "right to die with dignity." Within hours, more than 2,200 people had added their name. Jane Nicklinson said the family did not intend to go to Switzerland, which has an assisted suicide law, because it was expensive and her husband did not think he should have to go overseas to die. She and their two daughters fully support his battle in the British courts, which has already lasted several years. Speaking to CNN in June, Jane Nicklinson described her husband before the stroke as a man who was the "life and soul of the party," making his current severely restricted existence even harder to bear. "He was a big bloke, ex-rugby player, he worked hard but he played hard. He was full of life, great sense of humor, loved the sound of his own voice," she said. And she said she wanted the judges to understand "the injustice of it all," as they considered his case. "You or I could go out and take our lives at any time we want, whereas Tony, being the one who really needs that right, can't do this -- and he's only asking for what everyone else has got really, his right to take his own life, he wants that given back to him," she said. Before his stroke at age 51, the couple lived a comfortable life in the United Arab Emirates and traveled extensively. Tony Nicklinson was a senior manager with a Greek civil engineering contractor, a job he enjoyed, and was chairman of the local sports club. Although he does not necessarily want to end his life straight away, he is frustrated by the indignity and tedium of his current condition, which hasn't changed for seven years and which doctors say could continue for years. "Some people have in the past spoken to me in the loud, slow and deliberate tones normally reserved for the deaf or daft. I am neither," he said. "All too often, well-meaning able-bodied people just assume that if a person is so severely disabled that he needs assistance to commit suicide, he must automatically be unable to deal with such choice. "I say that where a person has the mental ability, he should have the choice of his own life or death. The only difference between you and me is my inability to take my own life." Nicklinson has embraced Twitter as a way to communicate his views to the world and has more than 40,000 followers. He describes himself, with wry humor, as a "Twitter novice with locked-in syndrome dribbling his way to an uncertain future." But asked if social networking service had made a difference to his quality of life, he said he views it "as a means to an end, not an end in itself. Life is too painful for too many reasons for Twitter to make a significant difference." Nicklinson does not believe it unfair to ask doctors to end life, one of the arguments against a change in the law, saying it is not uncommon for doctors to make such decisions already in the course of their career. "Doctors pledge to save life and to relieve suffering wherever possible. If it's necessary to end a patient's life to relieve someone's suffering, tough. Doctors can't pick and choose which bits they will do and which bits they won't -- they signed up for the whole package," he said. "There is too much emphasis on saving life at all costs and not enough thought given by society to the quality of the life saved. I am not advocating that doctors make the life or death decision at the time but the patient should be given the option of assisted dying, if he requires help." Lawyer Saimo Chahal, who is acting for Nicklinson, said ahead of Thursday's ruling that it would involve a "very significant change in the law" since there is no legal precedent in the United Kingdom. She said that Nicklinson would be devastated if the ruling went against him, but that he is a "fighter" who would want to carry on the legal battle against what he sees as discrimination on the grounds of disability. The Ministry of Justice had opposed a change in the law. CNN's Nima Elbagir, Laura Smith-Spark, Erin McLaughlin and Dominique Van Heerden contributed to this report. By . Emily Payne . As far as proposals go, it's one to tell the grandchildren. A loved-up passenger on board an Emirates A380 flight from Dubai to Brisbane surprised his girlfriend by proposing at 35,000ft. The heartwarming moment was captured on camera - and even reveals a member of the cabin crew bursting into a rendition of Louis Amstrong's What A Wonderful World. The touching footage shows an anxious Stuart Mackinnon gearing up to ask Victoria Loudon to be his wife. The couple, from Cumbernauld, Scotland, were travelling from Dubai to Australia. Stuart sought the help of the carrier's Flight Purser and together with the cabin crew, they found a creative way to help him with his proposal. Enlisting the . Baradene College Concert Band, who were also travelling on the . flight, crew transformed the on board lounge into the perfect . setting for the special moment. In flight entertainment: A member of the cabin crew belted out a Louis Armstrong song . Down on one knee: Stuart Mackinnon proposed to his girlfriend Victoria Loudon as the crew looked on . One member of staff even stretched her vocal cords with a rendition of Louis Armstrong's What A Wonderful World. After handing Victoria a bunch of flowers, Stuart got down on one knee to ask her to marry him. Much to his and his fellow passengers' delight, Stuart received a resounding ‘yes’. 'It was always going to be a truly special moment in my life but what happened took it to a level I could never have imagined,' he said. 'There could have been no better setting anywhere in the world. 'The nerves I had were put at ease with the fantastic crew members, the Captain and all the passengers.' She said yes! The happy couple celebrate their fragment on the Emirates A380 flight . Activists have been sending leaflets the other way for decades, but it's a long time since the North did this. South Koreans have been told to hand in what they find, and soldiers have been out looking for them. The BBC's Kevin Kim got hold of some of the leaflets and explained what the messages can tell us about the North. These slogans are very direct. I'm not sure if a senior officer just says it and someone jots it down, but they feel spontaneous and lacking subtlety. They are quintessentially North Korean, the sort of language you see in their media and propaganda, right down to details like the colours and quality of paper used. The leaflets sent up North by South Korean activists are more subtle. Some go into the family history of Kim Jong-un and in the North, where talking about the "royal family" is so taboo it can land you in a prison camp, this feeds into curiosity people might have about their leader. The North Koreans have been known to be sexist and racist in the past - they have called President Park Geun-hye a prostitute and have published pictures showing US President Barack Obama as a monkey. Another leaflet dropped on the South had a cartoon of Ms Park in a red bikini being thrown into a rubbish bin as "human filth". Most South Koreans don't actually take it that seriously, being a democratic society with diverse political views. South Korea turned on its huge banks of loudspeakers after the North's claim to have tested a hydrogen bomb earlier this month. The North does have its own speakers but they are so faint and unclear even the military along the border can't hear them. What is new is that the North has chosen a different way of expressing its disapproval rather than shooting at the South Korean speakers - which it has done before - or any other direct military action. Officials in the North may simply be trying to influence public opinion in the South, but the military in the South is interpreting the strategy as the North engaging in its own psychological warfare. South Korea really is in a position to up the ante and is considering reinstalling huge light fixtures at the border to display messages as well as vast video screens. The messages are clearly aimed at the South Korean public, the ones most likely to stumble upon these flyers. One man found his car wrecked after a sack full of leaflets fell on it, while one activist who flies leaflets the other way found one lying in his front yard. There are critics of the current president who believe more should be done to reach out to the North. But the majority of South Koreans just don't care, even after the hydrogen bomb test claim people carried on with their daily life. There was no panic buying, no stock market crashes. People are fairly oblivious to the leaflets, having far more important things to worry about in their busy lives. The 68-year-old from Bournemouth died when his Vauxhall Astra hit a Nissan Juke on the A31 near Corfe Mullen. The road, near the Coventry Arms pub, was closed for more than five hours after the crash happened at 13:20 BST. The driver of the Nissan, a 49-year-old woman from Waterlooville, was seriously injured and airlifted to Southampton General Hospital but police said her condition was not life-threatening. Three men who were travelling in the Nissan sustained serious but not life-threatening injuries and were taken to Poole Hospital. Sgt Mark Scammell said: "I would like to thank motorists for their patience during the road closures which are necessary to allow emergency services to deal with the incident." Add a location to your Tweets When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history. Learn more ||||| PARIS (AP) — Arrests can't come any easier than this. French gendarmes called to a robbery found the suspected thief stuck in a hole he'd made with a hammer in a shop window. The national gendarmerie on Sunday published a photo appearing to show the man half-in and half-out of the hole. "Drunk, he robbed a shop but got stuck ... in the window before being arrested," the gendarmerie tweeted, with the hashtag "ThugLife." The 46-year-old man was arrested Thursday morning in the Pyrenees town of Mauleon-Licharre in southwest France, a duty officer for the regional gendarmerie told The Associated Press. Firefighters were called to free the man, who was then taken into custody, said the officer, who wouldn't be quoted by name, citing official policy. ||||| (CLICK HERE, if you are unable to view this photo gallery on your mobile device.) Barry Byron Mills, the murderous leader of the Aryan Brotherhood prison gang, was found dead July 8 in his single-person cell inside the United States’ most secure federal prison, in Florence, Colorado. Mills, also known by the nickname “Baron,” died a day after his 70th birthday. His death does not appear to be suspicious, but an autopsy is being conducted, authorities said. He was serving multiple life without parole sentences for murder convictions in 2006. Born in Sonoma County, Mills spent most of his life in confinement, and joined the Aryan Brotherhood during a stint at San Quentin State Prison, aggressively recruiting members as the gang spread throughout the state. His grip on the gang stretched from coast to coast but was strongest in the Bay Area and Northern California, where many of its highest-ranking members came from. “There’s no doubt of his influence in the Bay Area. It’s fact, not debatable,” retired federal prison warden Robert Hood said. He later added, “I’m not trying to glorify him, but I can tell you this: He had the admiration of a lot of inmates, but he was also feared.” Mills was known for committing brazen, brutal killings — including a savage attempted decapitation while in federal custody in Atlanta. When authorities placed him in solitary confinement, his bloody legacy continued. Using couriers, he distributed orders from coast to coast, leading to a race war between prison gangs and a notorious protection deal with Italian mobster John Gotti. “There are a lot of rumors out there about Barry and his cohorts, some real, some imaginary,” said Dean Steward, Mills’ longtime attorney. “I saw a different side to him than that jury saw in ’06.” Bay Area Connections When Mills joined the white supremacist Aryan Brotherhood — also known as The Brand — in San Quentin during the mid-1970s, it was a “dinky, little prison gang,” said Hood, a former warden of the ADX supermax prison in Florence, Colorado. Mills built it into a nationwide army and first caught authorities’ attention by planning and ordering a Central Valley bank robbery from his cell. “Different states produce different types of inmates,” said Terry Rearick, a defense investigator who worked on Mills’ case. “California is a state that produces some of the most dangerous and clever inmates … these guys were more or less products of the prison system here.” Considered one of the biggest public safety threats in the early 2000s, he was revered among Aryan gang members. “(Mills) was the gold standard for gangsterism all over the USA,” said Coby Phillips, who with Mills’ permission co-founded an Aryan Brotherhood offshoot gang called the Family Affiliated Irish Mafia in Contra Costa County. “His word was the law … whether he was crocheting blankets for the kids or chopping someone’s head off, there wasn’t nobody better.” In 1999, Mills pondered ordering a Contra Costa County resident — Ronnie Yandell, described by prosecutors as one of Mills’ generals — to retaliate against a black prison gang for an assault on Gotti. Mills changed his mind when he realized Yandell was scheduled for release from federal prison. “Mills wanted Yandell to work for the AB on the outside,” prosecutor Bruce Flynn said. So Yandell returned to Contra Costa County, where in 2001 he was arrested and charged with murdering William Bedwell, 38, and Dino Gutierrez, 38, in El Sobrante. He was ultimately convicted of murder and manslaughter, but wrote “I am innocent” in a failed 2007 appeal motion filed from prison. While awaiting trial, Yandell allegedly ordered Aryan Brotherhood members Coby Phillips and Darryl Grockett to kill the witnesses. They failed, and some say Phillips flat-out refused. “What I had heard was Coby or Grockett were then told to kill one another,” said Tom Kensok, a former Contra Costa senior deputy district attorney. In 2004, Grockett was shot to death along an unincorporated country road. Phillips and another man, Jose Vega-Robles, were convicted and sentenced to life. Federal crackdown and conviction In the early 2000s, the federal government moved in on the Aryan Brotherhood. Mills became the lead defendant in a Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act, or RICO, indictment that sought to take down the gang. Forty members and co-conspirators were charged in 14 killings and dozens of attempted hits. According to prosecutors, Mills and his second in command, Tyler Bingham, were preparing for a war with a gang called the DC Blacks. Prosecutors say they used multiple ways to carry out the message, including invisible ink created from urine and written onto an innocent-seeming correspondence. Mills’ couriers included a Rodeo woman who was married to a Sonoma Hells Angels chapter club president at the time and spent months on the lam before she was caught. In 2006, Mills, Bingham and two others went on trial together, facing racketeering and murder charges. They were convicted largely based upon the word of an Aryan Brotherhood dropout, who admitted to carrying out a killing but took a plea deal for fewer than 10 years in prison. Mills faced the death penalty, which required a unanimous jury vote. When jurors voted 9-3 in favor of executing him, he was spared. He spent the rest of his life locked down at the supermax facility in Colorado, confined to his cell 23 hours a day. “Barry would not let us put on a penalty phase case,” his attorney Steward said. “His whole thing was, ‘No sniveling.'” ||||| FLORENCE, Colo. (AP) — Barry Byron Mills, the murderous leader of the Aryan Brotherhood prison gang died this month in federal lockup, where he spent much of his life, according to a report Sunday. Mills, also known by the nickname "Baron," was found dead July 8 in his single-person cell at the supermax prison in Florence, Colorado, according to the Mercury News in San Jose, California. He was 70 and serving multiple life sentences. A native of the San Francisco Bay Area, Mills joined the Aryan Brotherhood during a stint at San Quentin prison in the 1970s. He later became leader, aggressively recruiting throughout the state. His grip on the gang stretched nationwide but was strongest in Northern California, where many of its highest-ranking members came from. "There's no doubt of his influence in the Bay Area. It's fact, not debatable," retired federal prison warden Robert Hood told the newspaper. "I'm not trying to glorify him, but I can tell you this: He had the admiration of a lot of inmates, but he was also feared." Mills was known for committing brazen, brutal killings — including a savage attempted decapitation while in federal custody in Georgia. Using couriers, Mills distributed orders from coast to coast, leading to a race war between prison gangs and a notorious protection deal with New York mobster John Gotti. Mills first caught authorities' attention by planning and ordering a California bank robbery from his cell. Authorities said Mills' death does not appear suspicious. The results of an autopsy could take weeks. ||||| The former environment minister demanded the secret ballot by Tory members in South Suffolk after the association's committee voted not to re-adopt him as a candidate. Mr Yeo promised his "unqualified support" to his successor. The result of the count comes three days after fellow Tory MP Anne McIntosh was deselected. David Cameron had backed Mr Yeo, saying he would be a "great loss". The 68-year-old, an MP since 1983, was cleared last year of breaking parliamentary rules on lobbying. He stood aside temporarily as chairman of the Commons Energy and Climate Committee while an investigation was carried out following a newspaper story. Mr Yeo returned to the role, but the executive committee of the South Suffolk Conservative Association voted in December against re-adopting him as a candidate. Reports suggest this reflected frustration among some members that he had not devoted enough time to the constituency while the standards inquiry was going on. But Mr Yeo, who said he was proud of his career and happy to be judged on his record, challenged the committee's verdict. This led to a postal vote by the association's 600 members, which was counted on Monday afternoon at Conservative headquarters in London. Party sources said there had been an 82% turnout in the ballot, but refused to give details of the margin of defeat. After the result was announced, Mr Yeo said the vote had been "on a knife edge". On his disagreements with activists, he told BBC Radio 4's PM: "There were a number of individual issues where I took a very strong view on principle and will continue to do so." Mr Yeo, who is in favour of the UK remaining in the European Union and a strong believer in climate change, said some of his opinions were "not widely supported". He said: "It has been a privilege to serve as MP for South Suffolk since 1983. I will continue to work for all my constituents until the general election next year. "I am immensely grateful to all those Conservative Party members who voted for me to continue as their MP. "I now ask them all to campaign for my successor with the same loyalty and dedication they have shown to me. I will give my full and unqualified support to whoever is chosen as the candidate here in South Suffolk. I wish him or her every success." Mr Yeo also served as a minister in the Home Office, Foreign Office and Department of Health in John Major and Margaret Thatcher's governments in the 1980s and 1990s. He won the Suffolk South seat with an 8,689 majority at the last general election. Toby Kramers, chairman of South Suffolk Conservative Association, said: "This has been a difficult time for the association. Our priority now is to work together for success in the European elections later this year." A Conservative spokesman said selection for the South Suffolk constituency, which was created in 1983 as a result of boundary changes, would "be opened in due course". For Labour, shadow Cabinet Office minister Jon Ashworth said the vote was "a blow to David Cameron's credibility" after he expressed his support for the MP. Last week, Ms McIntosh lost a vote of confidence among Conservative members in Thirsk and Malton, following a long-running dispute with constituency officials. She insisted she still planned to run again for Parliament at the 2015 general election as an independent. Reacting to the spate of de-selections, Conservative MEP Daniel Hannan tweeted that they were a recognition by activists that "there's a better candidate out there". By . Chris Greenwood . PUBLISHED: . 05:49 EST, 20 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 20:09 EST, 20 March 2013 . Clutching a bundle of papers, Professor Vicky Pryce could be on her way to her next economics lecture. Casually dressed, wearing little or no make-up, she appears business-like but relaxed. In fact, she’s on her way to the library at her home for the next few weeks, East Sutton Park prison. New friends: Vicky Pryce, who was convicted of perverting the course of justice alongside her ex-husband, former cabinet minster Chris Huhne, can be seen for the first time settling into life at East Sutton Park open jail . Big improvement: The economist spent four days enduring the harsh regime at Holloway Prison before being moved to the countryside open jail . These are the first pictures of the disgraced former academic and top civil servant amid the prison’s easy-going regime. She carries the same black notebook . that she clutched inside the prison van after her court appearance. In . front of her and two other inmates is a prison guard. Onlookers said Pryce – who was . transferred from Holloway Prison in North London last Friday – appeared . to be in ‘good spirits’ as she ambled through the grounds of the prison . near Maidstone, Kent. Hard time: Vicky Pryce was moved to the open jail East Sutton Park where she is free to wander the grounds, pictured, until 11pm after spending only four days behind bars at Holloway Prison in North London . New home: East Sutton Park open prison near Maidstone in Kent, an an 15th century Elizabethan manor . She has replaced her usual skirt suit . and black heels with a grey polo-neck sweater, black cardigan and dark . trousers. But at least they were not the prison clothes she wore after . first arriving in Holloway. She was jailed for eight months for . perverting the course of justice ten days ago after swapping penalty . points with her ex-husband Chris Huhne. She spent four nights at Holloway, Europe’s largest women’s jail, before being moved. Making herself at home: Vicky Pryce can be seen wearing a pair of black trousers and a smart black coat next to a fellow inmate in a light blue fleece and beige trousers . Jailed: Vicky Pryce, the ex-wife of former energy secretary Chris Huhne, pictured inside the window of a prison van as she was taken to Holloway Prison where she was moved after only four days . Guilty: Pryce and former Cabinet minister Huhne were both sentenced to eight months for perverting the course of justice after she ‘accepted’ his speeding points ten years ago . The multimillionaire mother-of-five . is expected to serve the remainder of her sentence in the more relaxed . surroundings of the listed 15th-century building. It is described on the Ministry of . Justice website as a ‘pleasant mansion house overlooking the Weald of . Kent’. During her time there, Pryce will be expected to work on the . prison farm performing duties such as weeding, digging and mucking out . pigs. There are many classes available at . East Sutton Park, including art, computer studies, cookery and creative . writing. The prison holds around 100 adult and young offender women in . 32 dormitory-style bedrooms in the main house. Huhne remains in Wandsworth Prison . but is expected to be transferred to another open prison, possibly Ford . near Arundel in West Sussex, within a week. Settling: Pryce was moved to East Sutton Park open prison near Maidstone, described as a 'pleasant mansion house', where a friend said she was 'settling in' First officials must complete a risk assessment to ensure he poses no danger to others or may try to escape. A fellow prisoner at Wandsworth, the . public school fraudster Edward Davenport, told a visitor that many . inmates sympathised with Huhne over his treatment at the hands of his . wife. They have been helping him get hold of some little luxuries including toiletries and Twix bars from the prison canteen. The former environment secretary’s . lawyers will return to court this afternoon to dispute the £120,000 . legal bill that he was handed last week. Prosecutors and police have applied for the money to pay for their lengthy and complex investigation. But Huhne has already signalled he . does not agree he is responsible for all of the costs, despite hiring a . £20,000-a-day barrister to defend himself. Pryce and Huhne are likely to be . released under a home curfew scheme for non-violent prisoners after . serving just a quarter of their sentences. A concerned man submitted the "bagged and tagged circular object" to officers in Maroochydore, on Queensland's Sunshine Coast late last week. He feared it might have indicated a drowning or possibly a murder. The police station said in a statement that they had soon confirmed the find was not sinister. "Officers at Maroochydore Station were all hands on deck when, much to their initial alarm, a concerned citizen attended the counter to report a possible homicide," said the statement. "Investigations revealed what police suspectedâ€¦ the item was indeed a jellyfish." Colin Sparkes, from Surf Life Saving Queensland, said the discovery was most likely a blubber jellyfish. He said the species was commonly found in Queensland waters and its sting was irritating, but not dangerous. "[The] tentacles have been knocked off by wave action or eaten by fish," he said of the one handed to police. Barcelona right back Dani Alves has taken to Instagram to reveal his peaceful side by posting a picture of himself reading a book on Brazilian volleyball. The image, which portrays Alves as an extremely tranquil character, comes just days after the Brazilian international publicly ranted about the apparent unfair criticism former manager Tata Martino received during his time at the club. Martino, who left Barcelona in the summer after just one season at the Nou Camp, was blamed for the Catalan giants' poor form during the 2013/14 campaign. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Dani Alves take on the Ice Bucket Challenge . Intellectual: Dani Alves takes time out of his schedule to read Bernardinho's book on volleyball . Public backing: Barcelona defender Alves has shown his support for his former boss . However Alves has leaped to the defence of the recently-appointed Argentina boss and also blasted the Spanish press for suggesting Luis Enrique was keen on selling the experienced defender. ‘I have two years left and I deserve respect for what I’ve achieved here,’ blasted Alves. ‘If we’re playing in a collective sport, the blame is ours, for good and bad. 'So people can forget writing stories like it was Tata’s fault because he had a different idea. No, for f***’s sake! 'Tata had the same idea as all our other trainers, but of course, we didn’t do our job well, and it’s Tata’s fault!' Staying put: Alves criticised the Spanish press for suggesting he was set to leave the Nou Camp . VIDEO Mascherano signs new Barca deal . By . Steve Nolan . PUBLISHED: . 04:25 EST, 27 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:32 EST, 27 November 2012 . A Ukrainian man who is alleged to have . stripped naked after climbed a statue of the Duke of Cambridge in . London, broke his two front teeth trying to bite its head off. Dan . Motrescu, 29, climbed to the top of the 20ft statue of Field Marshall . Prince George in Whitehall, and broke off its sword before attempting to . decapitate it last week. Westminster Magistrates Court heard how the incident could have been the result of a 'psychotic episode'. On his head: Police were forced to close an entire section of the road - which runs between the Houses of Parliament and Trafalgar Square - while specialist officers tried to coax the man down . Mr Motrescu, a Ukrainian national of no . fixed address, has been charged with possessing an offensive weapon in a . public place, criminal damage and a public order offence. During the incident he is said to have 'attacked' the Duke, breaking his sword off and then attempting to decapitate him. Appearing in court, Mr Motrescu looked disheveled and exposed his stomach as he walked into the dock. He refused to cooperate with the proceedings and the court was told he sacked his solicitor this morning. Describing . the incident prosecutor Darren Watts said: 'Officers attended the scene . which is in Whitehall and came across a bag that had been abandoned. 'The . bag was searched and found to be empty, at which point the defendant . was seen to climb on a statue of the Duke of Cambridge. 'The defendant was seen to attack the statue breaking off the sword and waving it around before removing all his clothes. 'He . attempted to pull the head off the statue unsuccessfully. He then tried . to bite it breaking off two of his front teeth in the process.' Mr . Motrescu asked if he could hand a crumpled note up to District Judge . Mike Snow which explained he was at risk of being deported. Asked to confirm his details he said: 'I refuse to take part in this case.' Stubborn: Despite temperatures hovering around 8C, chilled further by a mild south-westerly breeze, the man stubbornly remained on his perch apparently ignoring officers' pleas . Centre of defence: Hundreds of baffled passers by gathered in the busy road, which runs between the Houses of Parliament and Trafalgar Square, to watch the exhibition unfold in wonder . And when asked by Judge Snow what the incident was all about Motrescu repeatedly claimed he could not remember. A . health care professional who was in court said the defendant had been . examined in hospital and said: 'This is possibly a psychotic episode.' Motrescu . sat with his arms folded throughout the hearing and said: 'I want to be . deported to Ukraine and have this case heard by the courts of Ukraine.' He . was told this was not possible and asked if he would like to be . represented by a duty solicitor who could come to court. But Motrescu . replied: 'I won't talk to them. I won't do anything.' The judge asked if there was anything else Motrescu wanted to say but the defendant just stared at him blankly. Judge . Snow said he wanted him to be looked at again by a mental health team . and remanded him in custody until his next court appearance on November . 29. Chilly: The naked man could be seen waving his arms, apparently speaking to emergency services on the ground, and did not seem to be holding anything . Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons. Replacement quarterback Colt McCoy overcame a limping Tony Romo to lift the Washington Redskins to a 20-17 overtime victory against the Dallas Cowboys on Monday, ending the home team's six-game winning streak. McCoy, who started the game after filling in for a struggling Kirk Cousins last week, led Washington to a winning drive on the first possession of overtime with Kai Forbath booting the decisive 40-yard field goal. Trailing by three, Dallas had one last chance to reply but failed to make it through the first set of downs with a bruised Romo tossing two straight incomplete passes to end the game. Colt McCoy celebrates after the Washington Redskins ended the Dallas Cowboys' six-game winning streak . A beaming McCoy is congratulated by Redskins team-mate Roy Helu following the victory . McCoy, pictured handing the ball to Alfred Morris, started after filling in for a struggling Kirk Cousins last week . Kai Forbath kicks the decisive 40-yard field goal to claim a 20-17 victory for the Redskins . Romo was taken out of the contest in the third quarter with a back injury but returned in the final minutes of regulation time to try and lead an ultimately unsuccessful comeback. It was the second straight win for the Redskins while Dallas lost for the first time since the season-opener. McCoy was strong in his starting opportunity as he tossed for 299 yards and put Washington ahead 17-10 with a seven-yard rush early in the fourth. Dallas answered with backup quarterback Brandon Weeden, briefly taking over for Romo, who found Jason Witten on a 25-yard connection that sent the game into overtime. NFL-leading rusher DeMarco Murray registered his eighth straight 100-yard running game for Dallas, compiling 141 yards on the ground along with 80 yards receiving in the defeat. Dallas wide receiver Dez Bryant (left) is tackled by Washington cornerback David Amerson . Tony Romo is helped from the field by team medical staff after getting injured during the second half . NFL-leading rusher DeMarco Murray registered his eighth straight 100-yard running game for Dallas . Dallas Cowboys cheerleaders perform in Halloween themed costumes during half-time of the NFL clash . The atmosphere was as expected and so was this Scotland team. The Battle of Britain was a game too far for Gordon Strachan’s men. Credit to Scotland’s supporters because the intensity, the wall of noise predicted by Roy Hodgson was mighty impressive before England took control. Scotland are a mediocre team. Celtic Park is a magnificent sporting cathedral and the mood was passionate and partisan, which is just the way we like it. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Neil Ashton and Charles Sale on Scotland 1-3 England . Scotland fans were in good voice ahead of kick-off, frequently booing all things England . Scotland and England fans are separated by empty seats at a lively Celtic Park . Alex Salmond, the soon-to-be former first minister of Scotland, enjoys the marvellous atmosphere . When Scotland’s supporters stood on their feet for the unofficial terrace anthem - I'm Gonna Be (500 miles) by the Proclaimers - it was spine-tingling. Every fan inside this grand old stadium was on their feet, belting it out as they waited for the teams to emerge from the tunnel. When they did, this fabulous place stirred again when the bagpipe players began to hum Flower of Scotland. Their tails were up and rightly so after Shaun Maloney’s magnificent goal against the Republic of Ireland last Friday had sent 50,000 kilts home happy. You just knew what a goal against England would do to this place, but no amount of singing can turn Scotland into a decent football team. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain opened the scoring before the break to put England in the driving seat . Wayne Rooney's second-half header gave England a cushion their dominance deserved . How Wembley, the dreary concrete bowl constructed in west London seven years ago, could do with a good dose of this before England play their next match there in March. They are regenerating the surrounding areas, so why not sort out the stadium acoustics a go, too? Something must be done because the supporters of both these teams reminded us what a football stadium should sound like on a big match night. At times, the place crackled with excitement. There was a boo for everything: England flag transported across the pitch. Boo. Fraser Forster’s name read out. Boo. Nathaniel Clyne. Boo. Luke Shaw. Boo. And so it went on. It was old school, blood and thunder and a reminder of the days when these two slugged it out for pride and honour at the end of every season on a churned up pitch at Wembley or Hampden Park. Scottish fans hoist the Saltire, complete with 'Yes', aloft and bellow out a ditty . 5,000 England fans made the trip across the border and the Three Lions gave them plenty of reasons to cheer . Quite what this means for England - other than a sixth successive victory following the World Cup disaster - is a different matter. There were moments of forced patriotism, such as the sight of England’s assistant manager Ray Lewington stalking the technical area and appealing for calm. It was rough, rather than refined. Perhaps Lewington remembers Graeme Souness and Bryan Robson ripping each other’s heads off when Scotland beat England 1-0 at Hampden Park way back in 1985. There was the odd skirmish here, but the modern player has a different constitution. There is a bit of back chat and then they agree to swap shirts at the end of the game. All very convivial. At times there some pedantic squabbles, but no-one left the pitch with stud marks raked down their thigh or a bloodied nose after this largely one-sided clash. No-one’s socks were cut to ribbons, either. There was a bit of afters when Danny Welbeck got sick and tired of Scotland right-back Steven Whittaker nibbling away at his ankles in a feisty opening spell. Steven Whittaker gets to grips with Danny Welbeck with tempers flaring between the warring duo . Welbeck gets his own back and a referee's assistant had to stand between the pair (above) Wayne Rooney, sensational throughout, showed his colours when he bawled out his team-mate Jack Wilshere for a careless pass long before England took control. To say England controlled the tempo or ever looked entirely comfortable would be stretching the imagination, but they certainly played in bursts. Scotland boasted just two players - goalscorer Andrew Robertson (Hull) and Steven Naismith (Everton) - from the Barclays Premier League. The rest are Championship players and they looked like it, too. This is a unique fixture, a game that has fallen off the international radar in recent times because of the sheer number of qualifying games and reciprocal arrangements with opposition teams over friendly fixtures. It means Scotland, who were courageous and honest, will probably have to wait a while again England can find a date for them in their congested fixture list. Roy Hodgson makes his point to two-goal hero Wayne Rooney as England made it six wins on the spin . VIDEO Hodgson praises attack as Rooney approaches record . Scotland's James Morrison (centre) is closed down by Jack Wilshere (left) and James Milner . Strachan’s side were beaten 3-2 at Wembley last August but this defeat, courtesy of goals from Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and two from Wayne Rooney - felt terminal. There is a huge gulf and that is saying something because this England team is not operating at anything like the level of world champions Germany. By the time Swedish referee Jonas Eriksson blew the final whistle, the stands at Celtic Park had emptied. This was England’s night. They rushed over to the travelling England fans at the final whistle, saluting them after emerging with their reputations enhanced after this victory. All they can do is to beat the opposition put in front of them and they are certainly doing that after travelling north of the border to beat Strachan’s side. The only disappointment is that they couldn’t take this unrivalled atmosphere back with them. By . Peter Allen . Last updated at 10:17 AM on 6th July 2011 . At the weekend Dominique Strauss-Kahn was celebrating his release from house arrest with truffles and fine wine in an expensive New York restaurant. The rape case brought against him by a hotel chambermaid was on the brink of collapse. But if the former head of the International Monetary Fund thought he was in the clear and could now take a run at the French presidency, yesterday brought a new setback. Drawn: Tristane Banon in 2004 and, right, yesterday in Paris, tired and gaunt . New battle: Strauss-Kahn with his wife Anne Sinclair . French journalist Tristane Banon accused 62-year-old Strauss-Kahn of attempting to rape her in 2003. Miss Banon says she was ‘sickened’ to . see photographs of the economist and his wife Anne Sinclair toasting . the apparent collapse of the New York case. She says she was attacked by . Strauss-Kahn in a Paris studio flat, with him acting like a ‘rutting . chimpanzee’ as he tried to pull her clothes off. Miss Banon’s lawyer David Koubbi . confirmed that her complaint – which will be received by prosecutors on . Wednesday – was ‘extremely solid and well documented’. He added: ‘We . won’t let go.’ Attempted rape carries a sentence of . up to 15 years in France – more if there are aggravating circumstances . such as the use of violence. In an interview with L’Express magazine, Miss Banon recounted the alleged attack when she went to interview Strauss-Kahn. ‘When I entered that flat, I immediately felt ill at ease,’ she said, adding that the flat was almost empty. Legal case: Writer Tristane Banon walks with her lawyer David Koubbi as they leave his office in Paris . Ms Banon says she was dissuaded from filing charges at the time of the alleged attack by her mother, a regional councillor in Mr Strauss-Kahn's Socialist party . ‘He offered me a coffee, I got out my . Dictaphone, he wanted us to go on the couch, then asked me to hold his . hand, saying “Otherwise I won’t manage”. ‘I wanted to leave. He stopped the . Dictaphone, caught me by the arm. I asked him to let me go, and that’s . when the fight started.’ Miss Banon has previously given a . graphic account of the alleged attack in a 2007 TV programme, still . posted on the internet, in which she used the ‘rutting chimpanzee’ description. She said her attacker tried to unfasten her clothes. She said that she was dissuaded from . filing charges at the time by her mother, a regional councillor in . Strauss-Kahn’s Socialist party. Strauss-Kahn’s lawyers responded to . the allegations by saying he intended to sue Miss Banon for ‘slanderous . denunciation’, adding that the alleged events she related were . ‘imaginary’. He was arrested in New York in May on charges that he tried to rape the hotel maid, but was released without bail last week. It has now been claimed that the maid . – who has been accused of working as a prostitute – was aware of . Strauss-Kahn’s VIP status and became angry when he refused to pay for . sexual services. A New York police source said the . eventual dismissal of charges was ‘a certainty’, adding: ‘We all know . this case is not sustainable.’ The French Socialist Party has been . torn apart by the latest revelations, with some senior figures still . arguing that Strauss-Kahn should be allowed to run for president next . year against Nicolas Sarkozy. Upmarket: New York's Scalinatella restaurant, where former IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn dined to celebrate the collapse of his trial for rape . Discreet exit: Mr Strauss-Kahn leaves the Scalinatella restaurant through the kitchen door, in a vain attempt to avoid photographers . Bristol's Aardman Animation's online film uses uses an orange to show how dementia physically attacks the brain. Eccleston, 51, whose father had the condition, said he hoped it would "fight the misunderstanding and fatalism that surrounds dementia". The film was made for Alzheimer's Research UK. The brain of an Alzheimer's sufferer can weigh around 140 grams less than a healthy brain - about the weight of an orange. "We have to think differently about dementia. We have to stop believing dementia is an inevitability - something that simply happens to us all as we grow older," said Eccleston, from Salford, Greater Manchester. "If we don't, we're never going to truly fight it." His father Ronnie had the condition for 14 years before his death in 2012. "Dementia is caused by diseases and diseases can be beaten. We've tamed diseases like cancer and heart disease and a diagnosis of either is no longer a certain death sentence," said Eccleston, who urges viewers to share the film on social media with the hashtag #sharetheorange. "People with dementia deserve this same hope. This film aims to show that dementia is caused by physical processes that scientists can put a stop to." Hilary Evans, chief executive of Alzheimer's Research UK, said: "Major breakthroughs have been made in the battle against Aids and cancer, and research will bring these same life-changing advancements in the field of dementia. "To get there, we must stop fearing dementia as something that just happens as we age, and focus on fighting the diseases, most commonly Alzheimer's, that are the root cause of it." In September, Aardman worked with Bristol Ageing Better to illustrate older people's experience of social isolation in the city. Peruvian judges on Friday sentenced Dutch national Joran van der Sloot to 28 years in prison and ordered him to pay thousands of dollars in reparations for the killing of a 21-year-old Peruvian woman in 2010. Van der Sloot, who was visibly upset after the decision was issued, admitted this week to killing Stephany Flores in his Lima hotel room. The judges said they took his confession into account, but they still gave him a sentence two years short of the 30-year maximum. With time served, it means van der Sloot is scheduled to be released June 10, 2038. The defendant, 24, stood for much of the more than two-hour session and perspired through his green t-shirt. He drank three cups of water and frequently wiped his face. The judges ordered van der Sloot expelled from Peru at the end of his sentence and ordered him to pay 200,000 Peruvian new soles, or about $74,500, in reparations to Flores' closest relatives. Van der Sloot confessed to robbery in addition to murder, admitting that he stole Flores' belongings, including 850 soles (more than $300), credit cards, and the victim's van as a means to leave the country. He fled to Chile and was arrested a few days later. It was an apparent attempt to win a more lenient sentence, using a plea called an "anticipated conclusion of the process" under Peruvian law. Five days earlier, the three judges delayed the start of van der Sloot's trial after he declined to give a plea after expressing reservations about the "aggravating factors" tied to admitting his guilt. Van der Sloot's attorney, Jose Luis Jimenez, pressed earlier this week for a shorter sentence. Jimenez claimed that his client was under special stress the day the 2010 murder occurred, which marked five years after Alabama teenager Natalee Holloway went missing in Aruba. Van der Sloot -- who, with two others, was among the last people seen with Holloway - was detained twice, but never charged, in the high-profile international case. "He was pointed at and persecuted. The world had been against him for five years before this case, for a murder he said he never committed and for which there is no evidence whatsoever," said Jimenez. Investigators have said they believe van der Sloot killed Flores after she found something related to the Holloway case on his computer while visiting him in his hotel room. The two met while van der Sloot was in town for a poker tournament. Judges on Friday recounted the crime in detail. They described how Flores hit van der Sloot in the face after reading the item on Holloway, leading him to hit her in the face with his elbow. Flores fainted and van der Sloot tried to strangle her, but she was still breathing and so he suffocated her with his shirt. Van der Sloot then tried to clean the room by removing the sheets and changing his bloodied shirt, they said. He was ultimately caught while traveling alone in a taxi near the Chilean central coastal city of Vina del Mar. Holloway's body has never been found, and no one has been charged in relation to the case in Aruba. But van der Sloot does face possible extradition to the United States in a related matter. In June 2010, a federal grand jury in Alabama indicted him on charges of wire fraud and extortion after allegations surfaced that he tried to extort $250,000 from Holloway's mother, Beth. Van der Sloot offered to provide what turned out to be bogus information about the whereabouts of Holloway's remains in exchange for the money, according to the indictment. He was allegedly given a total of $25,000, and authorities believe he used that money to travel to Peru for the poker tournament. Thursday, about six and a half years after Holloway went missing, Alabama Probate Judge Alan King signed an order declaring the teenager legally dead. By . Peter Allen In Paris . A dramatic double suicide in one of Paris’s most romantic hotels today led to renewed calls for euthanasia to be legalised in France. Georgette and Bernard Cazes, both 86, checked themselves into the Lutetia last Thursday and ended their days holding hands. The married couple, who had been together for more than 60 years, left a letter to the authorities 'demanding the right to die in a dignified manner'. Tragic: Georgette and Bernard Cazes, 86, were found hand in hand in a double suicide at the romantic Hotel Lutetia in Paris, pictured. They left a letter attacking the authorities for not letting them choose euthanasia . Mr Cazes wrote that 'it was cruel' that society did not allow law-abiding tax payers the 'freedom' to die when they wanted. One of their sons today said they had been 'planning their deaths for years' because they did not want to become a burden on their family, or the state. They also wanted to end their days united in happiness, rather than suffering a painful death alone. The Lutetia, one of the most upmarket hotels on Paris’s hugely romantic Left Bank, was chosen because the couple first stayed there in their youth. When found, the couple's room was perfectly made up, as they had found it when checking in. Illegal: Euthanasia is banned in all forms in France, forcing those who want to die to travel to clinics like Dignitas in Switzerland, pictured. Opinion polls show up to 92 per cent of French people want it legalised . The couple, from the Paris suburb of Issy-les-Moulineaux, had asked staff to bring them breakfast in bed, ensuring their bodies would be found quickly. All their affairs were in order, including documents containing their final wishes, although it is not known whether they were suffering from any disease. The Lutetia was a favourite of great artists and writers including Pablo Picasso and James Joyce, who loved its romantic setting and architecture. Mrs Casez first visited the hotel in the 1940s when she met her father there when he was released from a prison camp after the Second World War. Euthanasia is currently illegal in any form in France, although in 2005 France approved a law that allows people to decline extreme medical treatment. Famous: Built in 1910, Hotel Lutetia was the first Art Deco hotel in Paris and is one of the city's most romantic. It was a favourite of early 1900s artists and writers including Pablo Picasso and James Joyce . Recent opinion polls show that between 56 and 92 per cent of French people want assisted suicide made legal for those suffering from an incurable or terminal illness. President Francois Hollande commissioned a six-month study on euthanasia last year, and has recommended that the government acknowledge public opinion on the issue. If attempts are made to introduce it, then the government can expect fierce opposition from conservatives, including the religious groups who protested against France’s same sex marriage bill. For confidential help or advice call the Samaritans on 08457 909090. James McCarthy was sent off for fouls on Yohan Cabaye and Yannick Bolasie, and Toffees keeper Joel Robles did well to keep out Jason Puncheon's effort. Everton - winless in five league games - struck the bar with a fine Ross Barkley strike before the dismissal. They defended resolutely late on and have 40 points, two more than Palace. Both Palace and Everton have a comfortable cushion on Sunderland - who sit in the final relegation place on 27 points - but the stalemate will do little to lift scrutiny of their worrying form. Look back on the goalless draw at Selhurst Park The Toffees showed application in sticking to their task after losing midfielder McCarthy, who had completed 100% of his 28 passes before the red card on 52 minutes. Robles made six saves in all but deserved credit for his stop at the feet of Puncheon, who had time and space and could have scored for the second successive game. Media playback is not supported on this device However, it was Barkley's rasping 20-yard drive off the crossbar that was easily the closest anyone came to breaking the deadlock. Everton boss Roberto Martinez - a subject of criticism from sections of the club's fanbase - was undoubtedly more pleased than his opposite number Alan Pardew. "It was a more than decent result," said Martinez. "The resilience and hard work, and to be able to be so solid, was great. "We had as many chances. Joel Robles had to be at his best but it was a level game. To play like that with 10 men, it was incredibly satisfying." Palace struggled to carve the visitors open, despite their one-man advantage, and boss Pardew admitted himself that he expects more from his forwards. Media playback is not supported on this device Dwight Gayle attempted an audacious overhead kick in the first half which went just wide of the post, while Emmanuel Adebayor - on as a second-half substitute - looked lively in the box but lacked the killer touch. Palace earned their first league win since December on Saturday against Norwich, and Pardew said: "I would have taken four points from these last two games... but wow, we should have won that. "Although I'm frustrated, I'm pleased with another good performance. I want my offensive players to be a bit hotter, but I'm pleased with two clean sheets." Everton host Southampton on Saturday, while Crystal Palace travel to Arsenal on Sunday. Global temperatures last year were the highest since records began in 1880, according to US scientists. But as well as the increase of the planet’s average temperature, climatologists are particularly concerned about melting sea ice in the Arctic. Now a time-lapse animation has been created to show how fast the world's oldest ice is vanishing. Scroll down for video . Climatologists are particularly concerned about melting sea ice in the Arctic and have created a time-lapse animation to show how fast old ice is vanishing. This still shows old ice (in white) and ice under a year old (in blue) in 1987, since when amounts have declined . Made by the National Oceanic Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) the annimation is based on Arctic sea ice data that has been collected over the last 27 years. Each winter, sea ice expands to fill the Arctic Ocean basin, peaking in volume in March. Every summer, the ice pack shrinks and is at its smallest in September. The ice that survives one summer melt or more becomes thicker and is more likely to survive over a longer period of time. Each winter, sea ice expands to fill the Arctic Ocean basin and every summer, the ice pack shrinks. The ice that survives one summer melt or more becomes thicker and is likely to survive over a longer period of time (shown in ever lighter colours in this image). The oldest ice - over nine years in age - is shown in white here . The animation also shows how the Arctic sea ice moves continually and escapes the Arctic Ocean via the Fram Strait, east of Greenland (pictured) Scientists at Nasa and the NOAA have both claimed that global temperatures last year were the highest since records began in 1880. Temperatures across the world averaged 0.8°C (1.4°F) above 20th century averages - making 2014 the warmest year in records dating back 134 years. The Met Office has also announced that 2014 was the hottest year for the UK in records dating back to 1910. Since 1880, Earth’s average surface temperature has warmed by about 0.8°C (1.4°F) over the 20th century average, which Nasa’s scientists said is a trend that’s largely driven by the increase in carbon dioxide and other human emissions into the planet’s atmosphere. The majority of that warming has occurred in the past three decades, they claim. Gavin Schmidt, Director of Nasa’s Goddard Institute of Space Studies (GISS) in New York, said: ‘While the ranking of individual years can be affected by chaotic weather patterns, the long-term trends are attributable to drivers of climate change that right now are dominated by human emissions of greenhouse gases. But since the 1980s the amount of old, hardy ice, known as perennial or multiyear ice, has declined. The animation charts the vanishing of this ice from 1987 to November 2014. The dark blue areas in the video depicts first year ice that formed in the most recent winter, while the oldest ice, which is older than nine years old, is shown in white. Dark grey areas indicate open water. By showing how the colours – the types of ice – change in the region, the animation emphasises how quickly the Arctic is changing as the planet warms up. It also shows how the Arctic sea ice moves continually and escapes the Arctic Ocean via the Fram Strait, east of Greenland. Ice lost through the Strait used to be replaced by ice growth in the Beaufort Gyre, northeast of Alaska, where perennial ice used to last for years. But this changed at the beginning of the 21st century when warmer waters made it less likely that ice would survive its passage though the south of the gyre. From 2008 onwards, the oldest ice has diminished to a narrow band along the Canadian Arctic Archipelago and in 2012, the ice melt broke all previous records. After that worrying year, the melt was less severe in 2013 and 2014. Data collected in March 2014 revealed that first year ice decreased from 78 to 69 per cent in 2014, suggesting that a portion of Arctic ice survived the 2013 melt, with the amount of second-year ice increasing from eight to 14 per cent. From 2008 onwards, the oldest ice diminished to a narrow band along the Canadian Arctic Archipelago and in 2012, the ice melt broke all previous records. This screenshot from the animation showing peak 2014 pack levels, shows how little perennial ice there is . Fourth year ice also increased in quantity from just over seven to 10.2 per cent. Overall, the amount of perennial sea ice recorded last spring was enough to meet the approximate 1981-2010 median. However, experts worry that the increase was a blip and that the long-term trend will continue to be downward. This is because in the 1980s, ice four years and older make up a quarter of the ice pack and as of March 2014, this was just 10 per cent. Ice over seven years old has also become increasingly rare. Conservationists are concerned that polar bears (stock image) may one day become extinct because sea ice is melting earlier each year. This makes it difficult for the bears to hunt, mate and raise their young . The pair, a 27-year-old Algerian and a 22-year-old Nigerian, were arrested last month on suspicion of planning a terror attack in GÃ¶ttingen, where they lived with their parents. Raids on their homes uncovered a gun and a flag belonging to the so-called Islamic State group. Charges were never brought, but the Lower Saxony interior ministry classified them as a threat to national security and requested their expulsion. "We are sending a clear warning to all fanatics nationwide that we will not give them a centimetre of space to carry out their despicable plans," said the regional Interior Minister Boris Pistorius. "They will face the full force of the law regardless of whether they were born here or not." According to the ministry, this is the first time such a decision has been taken and opens up a debate around the rights of those who have committed a crime or, as in this case, are suspected of doing so, to remain in the country. Germany, like many European states, subscribes to the idea of "jus sanguinis", where citizenship is determined by the nationalities of one or both parents but not by one's place of birth. As such, being born in Germany provides no automatic right to remain in Germany. However, since they had not been convicted of a crime, the Lower Saxony interior ministry had to argue that they nevertheless presented a security risk sufficient to expel them. Rules on deportation are taken at a regional or state level. In this case, the federal court was merely approving a request from the state's interior ministry. The other consideration was whether deporting the men to their parents' country of origin presented a risk to their safety. To date, there is no publicly available information on how either Algeria or Nigeria will deal with the men should the deportations go ahead. A year ago, French President FranÃ§ois Hollande had to drop a move to strip convicted terrorists with dual nationality of their French passport and deport them, after an outcry in his own party. Human rights groups argued that being able to take away French nationality from convicted terrorists would create two classes of French nationality and was thus in contravention of France's founding principle of equality. Read more from Reality Check Russet the hedgehog, who later died, had 26 plastic tags attached to his spines and a radio tracker on his back. The British Hedgehog Preservation Society has defended the Nottingham Trent University study, which it part-funded. But three other animal welfare organisations have raised concerns. Lynda Britchford from Oxton Wild Hedgehog Rehab, which cared for Russet after he was found, said: "Having been presented with the hog, to be honest it looked like someone's idea of a bad joke. "Ultimately, we feel that this places hogs at a disadvantage and risk, and don't agree with it." Russet was dehydrated, underweight, had mange, severe colitis, broken toes on one foot and intestinal fluke, and died despite attempts to treat him. Caroline Gould from Vale Wildlife Hospital said: "Vale is totally against studies such as this. The tracker is far too big and will almost certainly cause problems, get entangled or prevent the hedgehog from getting through or under hedges, gates, fences and sheds. It should not be legal to use these on hedgehogs." The RSPCA has used plastic tags and radio transmitters itself but said it has "some concerns" about the image of Russet. "We feel that the number of coloured tags, and the fact that they are longer than the spines they are attached to, may present problems, although we have no evidence for this," it said in a statement. Lynda Britchford from Oxton Wild Hedgehog Rehab said the placement of the trackers "would impact upon males trying to mate with females who had them attached". She also said the attachments would impede a hedgehog's ability to squeeze into small gaps and make them less camouflaged. "Sticking 30 brightly coloured long reflective tubes on them makes them stick out like a sore thumb - particularly to unscrupulous kids or adults, and potentially to predators," she said. Hugh Warwick from the British Hedgehog Preservation Society, which part-funded the study, said: "Over 30 years of work there is no evidence that our research interferes with the well-being of hedgehogs at all. "The heat-shrink plastic tags that are now the standard marking technique do not require plastic to be melted onto the spines and cause the hedgehog no trouble at all. It is not far off humans getting hair-extensions." Nottingham Trent University said: "The animal is completely unhindered and able to go about its activities - such as feeding and breeding - in the usual way. "Research is crucial to furthering our understanding of the threats hedgehogs face and to develop appropriate responses to those." The aim of the study was to gather information on the distribution and abundance of hedgehogs in Southwell, Nottinghamshire. The woman who found Russet said the transmitter was twisted around him. "He looked distressed and I think he was a bit wobbly," she said. "We thought either he'd been rolling in wire and got it stuck to him or somebody had thought it was funny to put Christmas tree lights or something around him. "When my husband went to get him to pick him up he couldn't curl up, he couldn't curl and protect himself, so that upset us because we thought, there's something wrong there." By . Sean Poulter . PUBLISHED: . 07:24 EST, 4 October 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 15:54 EST, 4 October 2013 . For almost 100 years, Cadbury’s chocolate has been swathed in a distinctive purple wrapping that made it stand out from rivals. But yesterday it lost the exclusive right to the iconic colour in a court battle with Nestle. Following the ruling by the Court of Appeal, trademark lawyer Fiona McBride said: ‘This is a massive blow to Cadbury.’ Scroll down for video . Cadbury has lost the exclusive right to use its iconic purple colour on chocolate bars after a bitter court battle with Swiss rival Nestle . Cadbury chocolate has carried its distinctive purple colouring since 1914, when it was adopted as a tribute to Queen Victoria . Today's decision opens up the possibility that rivals could launch a host of copycat products . The firm wanted to trademark the colour . Pantone 2865c – introduced in 1914 as a tribute to Queen Victoria – but . failed in a test case brought by its Swiss rival. While the challenge to Cadbury was brought by Nestle, the impact is that any supermarket or rival could now use ‘Cadbury purple’ on their products. The decision opens up the possibility that rivals could launch a host of copycat products to try and cash in on the success of the Dairy Milk bar and other products, such as Crispello and Heroes. The decision was announced by the Court of Appeal today and came as a shock after Cadbury had won its case at all earlier stages of the legal battle. Following a victory at an earlier stage, a spokesman said: ‘Purple is a colour that has been used by Cadbury for more than 100 years - the colour has always been associated with Cadbury. ‘Purple was Queen Victoria's favourite colour and the Cadbury brothers were loyal supporters of the Queen. We have gone to great lengths to guard our trademark rights and … We have been looking to protect the colour for years.. Workers pictured wrapping the Dairy Milk chocolates at the Cadbury factory at Bournville in 1930 . Advert for Cadbury's Daily Milk bar in 1905, before it had adopted its purple colour . Cadbury was given a royal warrant by Queen Victoria in February 1854 - making the company the official cocoa and chocolate makers for the monarch. Among its adverts from that era is one showing Victoria drinking Cadbury's Cocoa while sitting in a train. The . firm first introduced the purple - her favourite colour - in 1914 as a tribute to her and it . has identified its products on sweet shop shelves ever since. Cadbury Dairy Milk started out in pale mauve with a red script. The full Dairy Milk range became purple and gold in 1920. The Cadbury family were one of the . driving forces of philanthropy in the late stages of the Victorian era, . when society grew more reflective on what had been an age of growing . social and economic division. The . industrial revolution had driven prosperity and attracted millions of . people to the cities in search of work. Yet millions of those workers . lived in abject poverty as characterised in the works of Charles Dickens . and other authors. As Quakers, the Cadbury family . believed tea, coffee and cocoa beverages could serve as an alternative . to alcohol, seen to be a cause of poverty and deprivation among the . working classes. The . Bournville factory was built in 1879 and, in 1893, as part of the . company's altruistic vision, saw the creation of a 120-acre village of . better housing for its workers. However, the company founded in Bournville, Birmingham, and controversially taken over by Kraft of the USA in 2010 in a deal worth £11.5billion will now have to think again. The holding company for the famous British brand is now called Mondelez. The court case turned on a technicality and whether the language used by Cadbury in an application to trademark the colour had been clear. The three Court of Appeal judges decided it had not and therefore denied the confectionary company’s attempt to claim exclusive use of it. In the past, Nestle has been accused of undermining Cadbury products with its Quality Street My Purple chocolate bar, which had a similar wrapper. A spokesman for the firm said: ‘We welcome the Court of Appeal’s decision to uphold Nestlé’s objection against Mondelez’s proposal to trade mark its Dairy Milk ‘Purple’ colour across a broad range of products. We believe this was the right outcome from a legal perspective.’ Cadbury insisted that even if it does not have exclusive use of the particular shade of purple, it will take action against anyone who tries to copy or pass off their products as looking like Dairy Milk. A spokesman said: ‘We are disappointed by this latest decision but it’s important to point out that it does not affect our long held right to protect our distinctive colour purple from others seeking to pass off their products as Cadbury chocolate. ‘Our colour purple has been linked with Cadbury for a century and the British public has grown up understanding its link with our chocolate. ‘We are studying this particular ruling and will consider our next steps which includes the possibility of an appeal.’ Fiona McBride, partner and trademark attorney at Withers & Rogers, said: ‘This is a massive blow to Cadbury and has made it even more difficult for brand owners to obtain trade mark protection for use of a colour. ‘Seeking colour protection has never been easy or straightforward – it is necessary to demonstrate that consistent use of a specific colour over a period of time has led it becoming recognised as synonymous with the brand. 'With a heritage dating back to the 1920s, Cadbury had hoped that it had been using the colour purple for long enough.' Founder John Cadbury . 1824: John Cadbury opened a grocer's shop in . Bull Street, a fashionable part of Birmingham. Goods include cocoa and . drinking chocolate. 1831: John Cadbury moved into manufacturing, . renting a small factory in Crooked Lane, Birmingham, to make cocoa and . drinking chocolate. 1847: With business booming, a larger factory was rented in the centre of Birmingham on Bridge Street. 1861: Richard and George Cadbury took over the business from their father John who was in poor health. They were aged just 25 and 21. 1866: The brothers launched Cocoa Essence after George bought a revolutionary cocoa press from Dutch manufacturer van Houten. 1879: Production began at the new 'factory in a . garden' in the countryside at a greenfield site, four miles outside . Birmingham, which they named Bournville. 1893: George Cadbury bought more land in Bournville in order to build a 'model village' for industrial workers. 1897: Cadbury . launched its first milk . chocolate for eating ,created by adding dried milk powder to cocoa . solids, cocoa butter and sugar. The Bournville Almshouses, a group of . cottages round a central garden, were built for pensioners who had . worked at Cadbury. 1900: The Bournville Village Trust was created to create a community and safeguard the area from other developers. 1905: Cadbury Dairy Milk was launched to compete against the leading brands of Swiss milk chocolate. 1906: A pension fund was launched for workers, with a capital gift from the company. 1915: Milk Tray was launched in this year: a stylish but no-frills box of chocolates for every day eating. 1918: Democratically elected 'works councils' for men and women were set up to discuss factory issues. 1919: Cadbury merged with J.S. Fry & Sons Limited in order for both companies to compete against Rowntree. 1921: Cadbury opened their first overseas factory in Hobart, Tasmania, followed by New Zealand in 1930. 1939: The Second World War begins, rationing is enforced and the making of chocolate and cocoa comes under Government control. 1955: Cadbury move into TV advertising on the launch night of commercial television on September 22, 1955. 1969: Cadbury merged with Schweppes in order . to give better value to the customer, boost its foods arm and gain the . resources to enter international markets. The new company is listed on . the London Stock Exchange. 2003: Cadbury becomes the world's No 1 confectionery company after buying up various chewing gum brands, such as Trident and Stride. 2008:Cadbury and Schweppes demerged, splitting its confectionery and drinks business. 2009: Cadbury Dairy Milk becomes Fairtrade. 2010: Cadbury is taken over by US owner Kraft in a deal worth £11.5billion . Threatened with arrest: Amal Clooney was warned by Egyptian officials that she risked arrest for exposes flaws in the country's judicial system . Amal Clooney's claims that she had been threatened with arrest by Egyptian officials after criticising the country's judicial system, has been disputed by government representatives. The human rights lawyer said she was warned after presenting a report identifying cracks in the judiciary that led to the conviction of three Al Jazeera journalists last year. Today, Egypt's interior ministry spokesman Hani Abdel Latif denied the allegations from Mrs Clooney, demanding she reveal who threatened her. 'She should say exactly who said that,' Abdel Latif said. 'Why not specify from the start who told her that?' 'We have nothing against her,' he said. Mrs Clooney's report, which was written before she became involved in the Al-Jazeera case, was considered highly controversial for its criticisms of Egypt's courts. Speaking to The Guardian after the Al Jazeera journalists' appeal hearing this week, she said: 'When I went to launch the report, first of all they stopped us from doing it in Cairo. 'They said "does the report criticise the army, the judiciary, or the government?" We said "well, yes". They said "well then, you're risking arrest".' The report, compiled on behalf of the International Bar Association, suggested Egypt's judicial system was insufficiently independent. It highlighted the fact that officials in the ministry of justice have too much power over judges and the government too much control over public prosecutors. Mrs Clooney, , who recently married Hollywood star George Clooney, and her team recommended the practice that allows Egyptian officials to handpick judges for particular cases must stop. She added: 'That recommendation wasn't followed, and we've seen the results of that in this particular case where you had a handpicked panel led by a judge who is known for dispensing brutal verdicts.' The three Al Jazeera journalists represented by Mrs Clooney are Peter Greste, Baher Mohamed, and Mohamed Fahmy. The group was initially sentenced to between seven and ten years in prison last June by the controversial Egyptian judge Mohamed Nagy Shehata. Scroll down for video . Stuck in jail: The three Al Jazeera journalists represented by Mrs Clooney (L-R) Baher Mohamed, Mohamed Fahmy and Peter Greste . 'Hope': Mohamed Fahmy (left), Peter Greste (centre) and Baher Mohamed (right) will face a retrial . Mr Shehata earned global notoriety during the journalists' trial after mocking Mr Fahmy's fiancee and rarely removing his sunglasses during proceedings. A few months later he gained further infamy after sentencing 188 people to death in one mass trial. The three journalists launched a new appeal yesterday - but Mrs Clooney suggested she fears the flaws highlighted in her report will prevent the group from receiving a fair trial. The men have been held since December 2013 - with their arrests coming after the overthrow of Islamist president Mohamed Morsi, a Muslim Brotherhood member. One of the defendants, Baher Mohamed, hold an Egyptian passport - and must pin his hopes on his sentence being overturned by the Egyptian courts. But Clooney's other clients, Mr Fahmy, a Canadian citizen, and his Australian colleague Mr Greste, are still hoping for deportation to their home countries. Both have applied to Egypt's chief prosecutor to demand they be sent to Canada and Australia under the terms of a new presidential decree that gives foreign prisoners such an option. Inside Egypt, Mr Fahmy's appeals team was led by an Egyptian lawyer with contributions from Clooney that related to international law - but outside the country she is the one leading the efforts to win deportation. Wedding of the year: Amal married George Clooney in Venice in September last year - seven months after her legal team produced a report exposing flaws in Egypt's judiciary system . After years of dominating the burger industry, McDonald’s is now facing tough competition from upmarket rivals. Young foodies are increasingly seeking out boutique burger bars with top quality ingredients and table service. The explosion of trendy burger joints, including Gourmet Burger Kitchen, Byron Burger and Honest Burger, has put McDonald’s under pressure. After years of dominating the burger industry, McDonald’s is now facing tough competition from upmarket rivals (file picture) Now, the US giant has launched a gourmet cafe in Australia to see if it can upgrade its image. Known as The Corner, its new Sydney cafes have ditched the counter service and plastic feel for table service, metal baskets and wooden trays. It has also launched a separate phone app in America which allows customers to pick which bread, cheese, toppings and sauce they want before the burger is made to order. But critics suggest McDonald’s could struggle to fend off the rise of posh burger restaurants, which are rapidly expanding worldwide. In London, customers queue down the street to eat at fashionable eateries such as Dirty Burger, Meatliquor and Patty & Bun, where the meals are served in paper. Far from serving processed meat and cheese, they all emphasise the high-end cooking and staunchly target Britain’s middle-classes. The explosion of trendy burger joints, including Gourmet Burger Kitchen (pictured), Byron Burger and Honest Burger, has put McDonald’s under pressure . Byron Burger says it makes ‘proper hamburgers’ with ‘good Scottish beef, ground fresh, cooked medium and served in a squishy bun with fries and a craft beer’. In the US, a rival brand called Shake Shack describes itself as ‘fine casual’ and says it makes ‘premium burgers’. McDonald’s, in contrast, was said to be regarded as ‘unhealthy, outdated, downmarket and not a nice place to be’ by Britain’s young food-lovers. The Financial Times said: ‘McDonald’s has a grip on the mass market but is losing the top.’ McDonald’s is trying to adapt. It recently opened a McCafe known as The Corner, in Sydney’s suburbs, although it is not believed to sell burgers. The experimental café serves chipotle pulled pork, chorizo and egg rolls, museli pots, Moroccan chicken salad and tofu. Byron Burger says it makes ‘proper hamburgers’ with ‘good Scottish beef, ground fresh, cooked medium and served in a squishy bun with fries and a craft beer’ They will also sell ‘barista-made quality coffee, according to Business Insider, in a bid to satisfy Australia’s high standards for coffee and its café culture. The only giveaway that it is owned by McDonald’s are small logos on staff name badges and packaging. McDonald’s said it would use the trial café as a test for a healthier menu before possible rolling it out nationwide. Kyle Jarvis, manager of The Corner, said: ‘If they’re looking for a Quarter Pounder they’ll probably be sorely disappointed. ‘It’s a new concept for us, it’s a learning lab where we test the things that Maccas has never done before and push the boundaries of what we can do in a cafe environment.’ McDonald’s also revealed this week that it would cut several items from its massive menu next month in the US in a bid to speed up service. McDonald’s US President Mike Andres said: ‘We don’t need to have a big menu board to offer variety.’ England batsman Jennings put on 45 with Mark Wood and reached three figures from 202 balls with 16 fours. But they were all out for 250, setting Notts just 108 to win, and openers Greg Smith (60 not out) and Jake Libby (39) scored at over five runs per over. Libby fell to Paul Coughlin, but they reached 110-1 in just 29.2 overs to go top of the Division Two table. Durham's first home defeat in the Championship since 2015 - a run of 11 games - strengthens Nottinghamshire's status as favourites for the Division Two title. Without rested England bowler Stuart Broad, seamers Jake Ball, James Pattinson, Luke Fletcher and Harry Gurney shared all 20 wickets to make it consecutive 22-point wins, following the opening round victory over Leicestershire. They were unable to prevent a ninth century in the last year for Jennings though, with the 24-year-old batting through the entire second innings to reach three figures shortly after Wood was caught at mid-wicket for 21. In response, Smith and Libby moved the score along briskly and although Libby was bowled by Coughlin, Samit Patel (10) arrived to help complete the chase. Nottinghamshire head coach Peter Moores told BBC Radio Nottingham: "I thought we played really well here, set up from how we bowled in our first innings. "Samit Patel and Michael Lumb then played positively and from that moment we managed to dominate the game. "There were two good attacks here and the pitch has been good throughout. This was a good advert for the county championship." (CNN) -- One of the great Olympic ideals is the importance of taking part, bringing together athletes of all backgrounds from all around the world. But not everyone has had the chance to compete. Saudi Arabia is one of only three countries -- along with Qatar and Brunei -- which have never sent female athletes to an Olympic Games. That may change in London this year after a groundbreaking meeting with Olympic and Saudi officials, but it raises a bigger question -- are the Arab kingdom's women actually ready to compete in top international sporting competitions? The plan, at this stage, is to send Saudi women to the UK capital for the July 27-August 12 event. The International Olympic Committee (IOC) met with Saudi Arabian Olympic officials this week. "A list of potential female athletes for the Games was presented. This will now be studied by the IOC together with the relevant International Sports Federations in order to assess the level of each athlete," ran a statement on the IOC's website. It's a significant development, says Rima Maktabi, host of CNN's Inside the Middle East, but the move might come a bit too late for Saudi Arabia's female athletes. "When you talk to Saudi women, even those who are professionals, they tell you that they are not even qualified," Maktabi said. "We're not even close," says Lina Al-Maeena, co-founder of Jeddah United Sports Company. "At this point, we are trying to make it on a national level, integrate into public schools and then maybe compete on a regional level before we even think of the Olympics," Al-Maeena, who is also captain of the Saudi women's basketball team, told CNN. Al-Maeena says that Qatar and Brunei's non-participation at the Beijing Olympics four years ago wasn't because they didn't allow women to compete, but rather their female athletes just weren't at the required Olympic standard. "We will need a long time," she concedes. Saudi Arabia is a conservative country which has historically failed to promote women's participation in sport, says Christoph Wilcke of Human Rights Watch. "Government policy hasn't been effectively challenged -- there is a predominant conservative view in society that doesn't afford women equality in a number of issues, including sports," Wilcke, senior researcher in the organization's Middle East and North Africa Division, told CNN. The IOC says an assessment of each athlete's capabilities will make up part of a formal proposal which will be submitted to the IOC Executive Board next meeting which takes place in Quebec in May. "The IOC is confident that Saudi Arabia is working to include women athletes and officials at the Olympic Games in London in accordance with the International Federations' rules," the IOC said. Wilcke believes the move is a "very positive" development. "I think international public pressure by the IOC and public media pressure helped get us where we are today," he said. "The goal has to be trying to open up the possibilities, the access for women to sports in Saudi Arabia." But he added a note of caution. "The female participation in the Olympics is a symbolic leap forward, but in order for it not to remain symbolic it's really for the Saudi authorities to start acting," Wilcke said. "If sporting opportunities truly increase, I think it will have a broader impact on life for women." Maktabi said recent Saudi government reforms, aimed at putting more women in the workforce, gave them encouragement for a greater role in society. "There is high unemployment, it is 17% across Saudi Arabia -- 7% among men, and 28% among women," she said. "But it is interesting that 55-57% of the university graduates are women. So Saudi women are ready. This decision is quite symbolic -- even if it's only on the sports level, it will reflect on all levels in Saudi Arabia, on the economy. "Definitely it will get women more involved. However, women are battling with conservative views. Many people in Saudi Arabia think it's un-Islamic to work, un-Islamic to be in sports. "Even some of these ladies I saw, among the sports team, they had to veil just to prove that they are conservative, very Islamic and traditional, but that they can play sports and compete internationally." The former Sri Lanka bowler has been part of Ireland's coaching staff for the last month and is happy with their preparations ahead of the tournament. "They are happy bowling with the new ball and have played a lot of T20 games," said Vaas. Ireland face Oman in Wednesday's opener and will also play group favourites Bangladesh and Netherlands in Group A. Vaas joined the Irish for a week's training camp in Abu Dhabi, the squad completing their build-up by beating Hong Kong before a six-wicket defeat by Zimbabwe in a final warm-up game on Saturday. "Preparation has been fantastic and the guys are in good shape," Vaas said. "The guys are professionals and are playing county cricket. "The attack is well balanced with good bowlers like (Boyd) Rankin, Tim (Murtagh) and (Craig) Young. "It's about experience, they have experience, so they need to perform in the middle." Ireland need to top the group to qualify for the Super 10 stage, a feat they have not achieved since 2009. Glamour fixtures against hosts India, Australia, Sri Lanka and Pakistan could follow if they qualify, and new coach John Bracewell is optimistic they can realise their goal. "In T20 if you take your chances, you've got a chance," said the former New Zealand spin bowler. "We'll give it our best shot and if we get through, our aim will be to upset somebody else." A report by the Business, Innovation and Skills committee states Sports Direct founder Mike Ashley must be held accountable for company failings. Evidence suggested Sports Direct's working practices were similar to those of a Victorian workhouse, one MP said. In response, Sports Direct said in a statement that its policy is to treat all people "with dignity and respect". It comes after Mr Ashley recently told MPs the firm was being investigated over staff being paid below the minimum wage. Union officials told MPs that in one case an employee had given birth in a toilet at the company's warehouse base in Shirebrook, Derbyshire, because she feared losing her job if she called in sick. Allegations also surfaced of some workers being promised permanent contracts in exchange for sexual favours. Committee chairman Iain Wright said evidence heard by MPs last month suggested Sports Direct's working practices "are closer to that of a Victorian workhouse than that of a modern, reputable High Street retailer". "It's seems incredible that Mike Ashley, who visits the warehouse at least once a week, was unaware of these appalling practices," Mr Wright said. "This suggests Mr Ashley was turning a blind eye to conditions at Sports Direct in the interests of maximising profits, or that there are serious corporate governance failings which left him out of the loop in spite of all the evidence. "Mike Ashley had to be brought kicking and screaming to answer the committee's questions. "To Mr Ashley's credit, when he gave evidence he was open and willing to engage and he is now setting out some of the steps which Sports Direct needs to take to stop these practices recurring." The committee said it would visit the firm's base and "continue to hold Mr Ashley's feet to the fire". Speaking to the Today programme, Mr Wright said: "Mike Ashley founded the company, it's made in his image and he's very hands-on. "He has a desk in the warehouse and goes there at least once a week. We can't believe that he wasn't aware of the practices that were going on. "HMRC is currently conducting an investigation. It'll be up to HMRC whether they take into account prosecutions but it's really important that the buck stops with Mike Ashley." Union officials said HMRC has now announced it will extend its inquiry into the non-payment of the minimum wage to include the company's shop workers. "The way to put things right at Shirebrook is simple - put the workers on fixed-hour, permanent contracts. Give them some security and the dignity they deserve," Steve Turner, Unite's assistant general secretary, said. "However, Shirebrook is not an isolated incident. The sad truth of the matter is that where people can be hired and fired at whim, bad bosses are never far away. "If the Prime Minister is serious about tackling corporate abuse, then she should start in our workplaces by restoring security, decency and fairness to working life." The report also stated workers who do not have a bank account are given pre-paid debit cards onto which their wages are paid. It said workers are charged a £10 one-off fee, a monthly management fee of £10, 75p for cash withdrawals, 10p for texts to the card holder of any transactions and £1.50 for a paper statement. Transline Group, one of two agencies used to supply Sports Direct staff, denied it deducts money from employees' wages for using the cards and said fees go straight to Contis, a banking firm which administers the cards. But the report said evidence from the firm said it manages the application and delivery of cards and, for that service, it receives £3 per card issue and £1.96 per week for each card user from Contis. "The fees received by Transline seem disproportionate to the services offered. The effect of this arrangement is to place further financial pressure on workers," the report adds. "It is not clear if this is an unlawful deduction from wages, and the costs incurred by the workers seem totally unjustified." Mr Ashley gave evidence to MPs following a Guardian report last year that workers at the warehouse had been subjected to rigorous searches and surveillance, leading to staff receiving less than the minimum wage. A BBC investigation also found ambulances had been called to the sportswear retailer's base 76 times in two years. In a letter to MPs on 12 July, Mr Ashley said work had begun on a review into working practices and a written update would be ready in 90 days. The Newcastle United owner said he had contacted Unite "with a view to opening a constructive dialogue". Mr Ashley confirmed all workers - permanent and agency staff - were now paid above the National Minimum Wage (NMW), but said these pay rises were not "back pay" - which relates to HMRC's investigation. Some of the disciplinary penalties revealed in our BBC Inside Out investigation last October and then raised in the committee hearing are highlighted in the opening paragraph of the report. That's because it gets to the heart of whether workers are being treated fairly or not. The "six strikes and you're out" policy - where a strike is given for getting a drink of water or being off sick - is part of Mike Ashley's review of working practices, being carried out by RPC solicitors, Sports Direct's independent legal advisors. The committee says it wants the local health and safety enforcement authority for retail warehouse - Bolsover District Council - and the Health and Safety Executive to step up and is critical of the lack of preventative steps by the council to reduce the number of accidents. Is this too big a job for a local district authority? As for the competitive world of quick-turnaround online orders, Mr Ashley said he just didn't see it coming when he built the first of two warehouses, initially just for his shops. We're talking 2005, not 1985, when he moved to Shirebrook, at a time when consumers were already well versed in shopping from their sofa. Has the penny dropped that pressure to meet agreed targets for orders like any commercial operation, including the use of an agency disciplinary system for workers maintaining attendance, has had consequences for which Mr Ashley is now being held to account? If so, will this fundamental question be addressed by Sports Direct? Parliament isn't about to let up. A HMRC spokesman said individual cases were not discussed but "we always investigate businesses where we believe the NMW is not being paid". Sports Direct said in a statement: "We will study the contents of the committee's report very carefully. "It is our policy to treat all our people with dignity and respect. "We are pleased to see the committee has recognised Mike Ashley's commitment to engage in addressing any shortcomings in the working practices at Sports Direct." Transline Group said in a statement: "Transline representatives attended the committee to give a transparent account of our operations at Shirebrook. "No incorrect or misleading information was given, and we will respond to the committee on any and all issues raised within the report within the two-week deadline stipulated. "Transline remains committed to ensuring a safe working environment and fulfilling its duty of care to our employees." Bolsover District Council was unavailable for comment when contacted by the BBC, and The Best Connection declined to comment. Bill Gates has bought an $18 million horse farm in San Diego from weight-loss guru Jenny Craig. The 200-acre ranch features a guest house, office, four barns, a mile-long racetrack, and sprawling fields. It is likely to be a second home for the Microsoft billionaire, and a second racing track for his 18-year-old daughter Jennifer, an avid horse rider. But it comes amid outrage over Gates's first equestrian estate in Florida where he allegedly pays $250 a day in fines for illegally dumping manure. Scroll down for video . Sprawling: The billionaire Gates family will enjoy 200 acres of fields and racing tracks on Jenny Craig's San Diego ranch after buying it for $18 million . Bespoke: Guests will be treated to panoramic views of the racing track with floor-to-ceiling windows in the study, which comes complete with trophy cupboards . Town inspectors in Wellington, Florida, claim the livestock manure dump on Gates' $8.7 million sprawling property is only 18.75 feet from a narrow pond, while Wellington's code mandates that it be at least 100 feet away. According to Page Six, the businessman - who is worth around $80 billion - has racked up $40,000 in daily fines so far. A second code violation apparently relates to Gates not having a proper permit for the storage bin in the first place. However, he appears unfazed by the furor as he sealed a multi-million deal for a second ranch just days after the allegations emerged. Paseana Ranch - named after the first champion horse owned by Craig and her late husband - is lined with palm trees, with floor-to-ceiling windows looking out onto the landscape. It is being sold by real estate agents Catherine and Jason Barry of Barry Estates who deal in opulent properties for the extremely rich and famous. Inside, the Gates family will enjoy bespoke wooden surfacing, wooden eaves on sloped ceilings, and numerous trophy cabinets. In the vast outdoors, Gates plans to build a grand prix track for hunters and jumpers. Craig first put the property up for sale in 2010 for $30 million, but was forced to revise the price to $25 million before taking it off the market in fall 2012. Delighted: Jenny Craig would not reveal Gates (right) bought her ranch but said she was delighted a family with enough wealth to transform it . Extensive: There is space for 34 horses in the stables at Paseana Ranch, named after Craig's first champion mule. But the Gates already have another ranch . Plans: Bill Gates plans to build a grand prix track for hunters and jumpers to visit the center which is lined with palm trees and has a mile-long racing track . Horse-riding fans: Craig, like the Gates family, is an avid horse rider - made plain by the numerous framed photos and paintings and statues of racing horses . Old fashioned: The living room, decorated with horse-themed curtains and pillows, has a heavy oak table, wooden eaves, and polished flooring . Rise and shine: With small wood-paneled windows letting the San Diego sun shine in every morning, the Gates family will enjoy a sunlit breakfast at this kitchen bar . Luscious: Craig said she is delighted her ranch has been bought by a family with the wealth to maintain the impeccable grounds and elevate it even more . Community: Craig has used the racing track as a facility for horse riders across San Diego and hopes the Gates family will do the same . Towering: The property's buildings are shrouded by trees on the California hills with rambling mountains in the background . Finally, the Gates snapped up the ranch for $18 million - despite it not being listed with any real estates agents. 'I was happy that the buyer is someone who can afford to turn it into the showplace it was meant to be,' Craig said, refusing to name the buyer. 'It will be kept as a horse barn so the neighbors will be thrilled... the person who bought it will make it like it can and should be.' A spokesman for the Gates family told the San Diego Tribune: 'The family has enjoyed visiting the San Diego area with friends and family for many years and has purchased the Rancho Paseana property in Rancho Santa Fe, California.' Mr Yameen claimed bomb-making materials had been found during raids on Ahmed Adeeb's associates. The president was unhurt in the blast on his speedboat, which left his wife and two others slightly injured. In recent years, the Maldives has been rocked by political infighting. "The vice-president is being detained for the safety and security of the entire nation," Mr Yameen said in a televised address. He said the investigation pointed to links between Mr Adeeb and two soldiers who were arrested for tampering with evidence on the boat soon after the blast. President Yameen and his wife were travelling to the capital Male from the island where the airport is located when the device went off under a seat normally - but not in this instance - occupied by Mr Yameen. Turbulence in paradise Soon after the blast, speculation began to grow that Mr Adeeb was involved, reports said. Under the Maldivian constitution, the vice-president succeeds the president if he dies, is incapacitated or resigns. Mr Adeeb, who is among seven people being held for questioning, has denied any links to the explosion. A court ordered his detention for 15 days to give police more time to investigate. Earlier, the government said Mr Adeeb would be charged with "high treason". But the president said he would not fire Mr Adeeb until his case had been decided by a court. Mr Adeeb became vice president in July at the age of 33. Mr Yameen was instrumental in his rise, sacking the previous vice-president, also on charges of treason, and lowering the minimum age for the president and vice-president from 35 to 30. The Maldives became a multiparty democracy in 2008 and is a popular upmarket tourist destination, but its image has suffered in recent years due to prolonged political unrest. Paul Ince . was a much-talked about footballer during his time playing for . Manchester United, Liverpool and England - and now he has become an . internet sensation for his waving technique. While . appearing on ITV's All Star Mr and Mrs on Wednesday with wife Claire, . Ince was introduced by presenter Phillip Schofield and he performed a . windscreen-wiper wave to the camera with an over-zealous smile for close . to six seconds. The video has been turned into a Vine and has been shared many times on social networking sites. Awkward: Ince performed the wave when he was introduced by presenter Philip Schofield . Windscreen wiper: Ince's wave happened when he was introduced by presenter Phillip Schofield . Couple: Ince and wife Claire appeared on All Stars Mr and Mrs on ITV on Wednesday . Main man: Ince played 53 times for his country, scoring twice, and was England's first black captain . New dawn: Ince was made England's first black captain in 1993, and went on to skipper the side seven times . Sign: Ince and his wife take part in the gameshow which is hosted by Phillip Schofield . Smiles: Ince (right) answers questions while he is talking with present Phillip Schofield (left) Laugh: Ince turns to the camera and chuckles as he is asked a question during the programme . Cast: The Inces (right) with Schofield (centre), Nigel and Georgina Havers (left) and Kian and Jodie Egan . Bobby Moore 90Billy Wright 90Bryan Robson 65David Beckham 59Alan Shearer 34John Terry 34Steven Gerrard 40Kevin Keegan 31Emlyn Hughes 23Bob Crompton 22Johnny Haynes 22Eddie Hapgood 20 . Ince revealed how much he loved chocolate chip ice cream during the programme. He has been married to wife Claire for 24 years after they met at school. The now 46-year-old was first named England captain in 1993 against the USA in Foxboro, . Massachusetts and he was the first black manager to wear the armband. Ince represented his country 53 times, scoring twice, and retired from international football after England’s Euro 2000 exit. The . ex-midfielder started his career at West Ham United before moving to . Manchester United, Inter Milan, Liverpool, Middlesbrough, Wolverhampton . Wanderers, Swindon Town and Macclesfield Town. He . went on to become a manager with Blackburn, Macclesfield, Milton Keynes Dons and, most . recently, Blackpool. His son, Tom Ince, is an England U21 international who has played for Liverpool, Notts County, Blackpool and Crystal Palace. Maestro: Former Liverpool and Manchester United midfielder Ince earned 53 England caps, scoring twice . Trusted: Ince was made captain for England's crucial World Cup qualifier in Rome against Italy by Glenn Hoddle . Retro: Ince (right) with his wife Claire and son Tom, who is now a professional footballer himself . Kiss: Ince and wife Claire embrace at a golf event and dinner in Warkwickshire in 2007 . (CNN) -- The brazen escape of a notorious gangster in France may be due partly to a problem plaguing the prison that couldn't hold him: overcrowding. There is a clear "overpopulation problem in the Sequedin prison and this hinders the job of guarding prisoners," a spokesman for the French Ministry of Justice told CNN on Sunday, commenting on the escape of Redoine Faid. Faid allegedly held five people, including four guards, at gunpoint at the detention center in the northern city of Lille on Saturday, officials said. He burst his way to freedom by allegedly detonating explosives that destroyed five doors, penitentiary union spokesman Etienne Dobrometz told CNN affiliate BFMTV. His whereabouts are unknown. French Justice Minister Christiane Taubira told reporters on Saturday that a European arrest warrant covering 26 countries had been issued and that Interpol had been called in. An Interpol spokesman told CNN no public notice had been issued on Faid. Interpol can also issue "restricted" notices that are not public. The spokesman did not say whether one had been issued in this case. Police detained a brother of Faid for questioning only, according to a law enforcement source, who did not provide other details about that development. The source spoke on the condition of not being identified because the person is not permitted to discuss the matter publicly. The source also estimated that up to 150 French police are working on the case. Faid's prison escape raises a number of questions: How did an inmate get guns and explosives? How did he manage to use those to force his way out? And, after all that, why is he still at large? The four guards who Faid allegedly held hostage "are safe and sound," said Lille prosecutor Frederic Fevre. Still, officials from the prison guards' union pressed Taubira to provide better safety measures inside prisons, including more thorough searches of those who enter, BFMTV reported. Built in 2005, the Lille-Sequedin penitentiary is not old, but it's not well designed to keep watch of prisoners, said Jimmy Delliste, a former associate director there. "The construction ... makes it particularly difficult to manage detainees, who are particularly difficult to watch," Delliste told BFMTV. Modern-day gangster . Faid fashioned himself as a modern-day gangster. He thought big -- getting inspiration from the movies. He wore a hockey mask, like Robert DeNiro's character in "Heat," and acted audaciously in attacking armored trucks among other targets. After more than a decade in prison, though, the Frenchman insisted he'd changed. This promise didn't last long, according to French authorities. A year after his autobiography was published, Faid, who was free at the time, landed back behind bars in 2011. One person not surprised by Faid's breakout is his lawyer, Jean-Louis Pelletier. Pelletier had planned to meet his client soon in preparation for an upcoming trial tied to a May 2010 attack in Villiers-sur-Marne, east of Paris, that left a 26-year-old policewoman dead. "He is remarkably intelligent, and he is using his intellect to serve his ambitions," Pelletier told BFMTV. "(And Faid) cannot stand being imprisoned anymore." In his autobiography, "Robber: From Suburbs to Organized Crime," Faid chronicled his progression from a petty thief to one of France's most notorious criminals, according to the book's publisher, La Manufacture De Livres. In 1998, after three years on the run during which he fled to Switzerland, Faid was caught. Sentenced to 20 years, he ended up spending more than a decade in high-security prisons around France. After being released, Faid put himself out there -- not only with his book, but also as the subject of numerous interviews. The high-adrenaline life of crime he described resembled that of another famous French gangster, Jacques Mesrine. The country's most-wanted man in the 1970s, Mesrine made his name as a charismatic, press-courting criminal known for his daring bank heists and spectacular prison breaks. Mesrine's story ended in 1979, when he was gunned down by police on the streets of Paris. WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Creating and saving jobs while boosting investment in the future are among the top goals of the Obama administration's $787 billion economic stimulus plan. President Obama chats with students at a Silver Spring, Maryland, elementary school this week. And according to a preliminary report on stimulus funding for schools by the Department of Education and the Domestic Policy Council, the stimulus plan has created jobs. State governments have created and saved at least 250,000 education jobs -- and restored nearly all their projected education budget shortfalls for fiscal years 2009 and 2010 -- according to preliminary findings released Monday by the White House. But some states that used the funds to fill existing budget gaps could face a crisis when the money runs out after 2010. And the Department of Education has chastised certain states for their stimulus funding programs and warned them that they risk their chances at getting other DOE grants down the road. The stimulus funds appropriated $48.6 billion for the State Fiscal Stabilization Fund to help keep and create jobs and advance education reforms over a period of two years, the report said. The program dedicates $39.8 billion for public elementary, secondary and higher education and other services. Another $8.8 billion will go for other activities such as public safety or government services. "To date, $35.5 billion of the SFSF allotment has been obligated and $13.2 [billion] is forthcoming," the report added. In a recent memo, the Department of Education's inspector general's office warned Connecticut, Massachusetts and Pennsylvania about not following the rules. At issue is the government's "maintenance of effort" provision, which makes states receiving stimulus funds promise to maintain funding at fiscal year 2006 levels. The provision also requires states to pledge to use these funds to advance certain education reforms: increasing teacher effectiveness, implementing statewide data systems, and providing support for struggling schools. The September 30 memo pointed out states are using K-12 stimulus funds to fill gaps in their education budgets due to decreasing revenues and resources. Pennsylvania's actions led to a terse letter on June 18 from Education Secretary Arne Duncan to Gov. Ed Rendell. The letter said: "If a State has disproportionately reduced its education budget and/or if a State has done nothing more than backfill budget holes with these dollars when the State had other resources available to it, such as a rainy-day fund, the State's competitive position to receive ... competitive grants may be negatively impacted." Those states employing the practice, some argue, will face dire straits in fiscal year 2011 when the stimulus funding runs out. "States and districts were repeatedly warned about funding [problems]," said Chad Aldeman, a policy analyst with the nonpartisan think tank Education Sector. But Aldeman notes that there may have been a lack of communication between states and the federal government over how to spend the money. "They [states] were told to focus on one-time investments as much as possible," he said. "At the same time, the Department of Education sold this as a job and reform package. ... They say on one hand, preserve and create jobs. On the other hand, they talk about education reform." The Obama administration argues the early results from Monday's report show the money already is having an effect. "This is one more indication of how the Recovery Act is helping soften the blow of tough times, by keeping educators on the job and teachers in the classroom," Vice President Joe Biden said in a statement. But there has been criticism over the way the government is handling and tracking the Recovery Act. "If these issues and the stimulus money being made available ... are not handled carefully, conflict and even paralysis are likely to ensue," said Pedro A. Noguera, a professor at New York University and director of the Metropolitan Center for Urban Education, in a recent CNN.com commentary. "The president may even inadvertently alienate an important core constituency that he will surely need in the years ahead -- public school teachers." Aldeman points out that some of the accountability problems seen with the Recovery Act likely occurred during the time the federal government was doling out money to states. "The states were cutting employees that were designed to draft federal grants and to track and follow money as it flowed through [at the same time the federal government was giving out stimulus funds]. ... They were cutting monitors and accountants that would have been able to follow this better," he said. Despite some of the accountability and tracking problems, Duncan said early feedback from states "also tells us that many districts are using stimulus dollars in ways that will move us beyond the status quo." And Duncan's concept can be seen in school programs cited in Monday's report. Jim McIntyre, superintendent of the Knox County, Tennessee, schools, said the stimulus funding is not only helping to create jobs in the short term but also investing in the future after the funding is gone. "Our philosophy has really been around making some investments in the short term to build our capacity so that those investments will continue to pay off in the long term around student achievement and learning, long after the dollars are gone," he said. McIntyre's school district was cited in the stimulus report as a success story for facilitating greater inclusion of students with disabilities into the regular educational setting. The funds, according to the report, helped the district to add special education instructors in its middle and high schools, "while supporting needed training for teachers and aides who work with special education students." Tennessee, McIntyre said, has been supportive in helping his school district plan and obtain stimulus money to "really invest in our people and hopefully invest in our kids for the long term." The Department of Education report offered other examples that it said showed funding is working, such as: . "In several communities these dollars are being used to enhance information systems to help measure progress by both teachers and students in meeting educational standards," the report added. CNNMoney.com's David Goldman contributed to this report. Low-income residents in a California city will soon be able to get high for free. The Berkeley City Council has passed a law requiring medical marijuana dispensaries to distribute 2 percent of their stashes to people making less than $32,000 per year or $46,000 per family. Under the new ordinance, which was approved unanimously this summer, only city residents will be eligible and they must have a prescription. 'Basically, the city council wants to make sure that low-income, homeless, indigent folks have access to their medical marijuana, their medicine,” Councilman Darryl Moore told CBS San Francisco. Low-income residents of Berkeley, California, will soon be eligible for free marijuana at dispensaries such as the Berkeley Patients Group (pictured) The law requires that the free medical marijuana, which is legal in California, 'be the same quality on average as medical cannabis that is dispensed to other members,' according to Berkeleyside. Mayor Tom Bates says the move is an effort to provide equal access to what California law considers medication. 'There are some truly compassionate cases . that need to have medical marijuana — but it's expensive,' Bates told the New York Times. 'You hear stories about people dying from cancer who don’t . have the money.' Critics of the program are furious. 'It’s . ludicrous, over-the-top madness,' Bishop Ron Allen, a former addict who . runs the International Faith Based Coalition, told Fox News. 'Why would Berkeley City Council want to keep their . poverty-stricken under-served high, in poverty and lethargic?' 'Instead of taking steps to help the most economically vulnerable residents get out of that state, the city has said, "Let’s just get everybody high,"' lobbyist John Lovell, of the California Narcotic Officers’ Association, told the Times. Dispensary owners say the ordinance only formalizes the common practice of distributing 'compassion' — the name given to free medical marijuana. 'We do this on our own, so we certainly . welcome the city mandating that all dispensaries create these sorts of . programs,' Sean Luse, who runs the Berkeley Patients Group , told . Berkeleyside. But they're weary of the 2 percent mandate. 'I do think there could be problems if we’re oversupplying demand and giving away more cannabis than is legitimately needed. We’ll see how this plays out.' Berkeley's free marijuana ordinance will go into effect next August. Washington (CNN) -- Late last week, the leaders and finance ministers of the 20 biggest economies, the G-20, met in Cannes for their annual media extravaganza. Surprise, surprise, the G-20 summit failed to allay anxieties about Greece -- and has left the whole world anxious that Italy might be the next Euro country to plunge into crisis. As usual, it's very hard to see what could possibly be accomplished in an unwieldy format like this. Taxpayers confronting the enormous cost must wonder: How on earth did this event ever come into being anyway? A bit of history: . Thirty-five years ago, a president of France had a very good idea: . In the mid-1970s, the Western world faced the first serious economic crisis since World War II: a spike in the price of oil that had sparked record unemployment and unusual inflation. Cooperation between the big economies was necessary. Unfortunately, the new leaders of the Western world did not know each other as well personally as had the great postwar generation of Eisenhower, DeGaulle, Adenauer and so on. Yes, the leaders encountered each other at the U.N. General Assembly and other big useless crushes. And yes, sometimes they scheduled bilateral meetings to discuss particular pieces of business. But wouldn't it be nice if the leaders could just regularly sit down for a sequence of informal talk, no particular agenda, just get-to-know-you, hear what's on your mind? Accordingly, President Valery Giscard D'Estaing proposed a new kind of summit for the leaders of the world's six largest economies: two days at a location outside a capital city, to be followed by a bland communique that sent the message: "If we told you what we discussed at our confidential talks, then they would not be confidential talks, would they?" The first meeting was held at Rambouillet, some 25 miles outside of Paris. By all accounts, the meeting was a great success. No, the leaders did not overcome their economic challenges. But they built new relationships, so much so that four leaders in particular remained close friends for the rest of their lives: D'Estaing, U.S. President Gerald Ford, German Chancellor Helmut Schmidt, and British Prime Minister James Callaghan. The small summit was recognized as so useful that it quickly evolved into a permanent institution. Yet almost as soon as the institution was created, it began -- as international institutions so often do -- to bloat from useful innovation into useless behemoth. The Rambouillet meeting in November 1975 was followed by a meeting in Dorado, Puerto Rico, in June 1976. At the behest of the United States, Canada was added to the group, which thus became known as the G-7. (The other six countries, by the way, were the United States, Japan, West Germany, Britain, France and Italy.) The Canadian addition was an excellent innovation. Not so what happened the next year. In retaliation for the addition of Canada -- opposed by France, which was then engaged in a grudge match with Canada over independence for the French-speaking province of Quebec -- the French demanded and got the addition of the president of the EU Commission at the third meeting, in London in 1978. As the meetings became a fixture on the annual calendar, the agenda for the meetings began to fill. The number of aides in attendance grew. The press coverage escalated: hundreds of journalists converged on the 1988 meeting in Toronto. With so many TV cameras eager for video, political entrepreneurs inevitably materialized to provide the video the cameras needed: counter-summits, political demonstrations, and so on. Three thousand protesters convened in Toronto. Security costs escalated correspondingly: to a then-astounding $30 million. Toronto 1988 was noteworthy as the last of the Cold War summits. As the world moved into a new political era, the G-7 summit elephantized in earnest. In 1996, the leaders of the UN, World Bank, International Monetary Fund and World Trade Organization were added. In 1997, Russia joined the group, now renamed the G-8 - despite the awkward fact that the Russian economy had shrunk to approximately the size of that of the Netherlands. The Russian addition raised the question: If Russia, why not China? And what's with the whole "largest economies" thing anyway? Isn't that kind of ... stuck-up? To respond to that concern, a new forum was created in 1999: a meeting of the finance ministers of the 20 largest economies, called (you guessed it) the G-20. During the financial crisis of 2008, the US urged a summit of the heads of government of the G-20. What was intended as an emergency summit instantly congealed into a recurring gathering, held in the late fall after the G-8 meetings of mid-summer. If the G-20 was intended to thwart demands for ever huger expansion of the G-8 - it failed. Beginning with the Okinawa summit hosted by Japan in 2000, five poor countries were added to the G-8 guest list: South Africa was included as a permanent invitee, along with four rotating slots for countries like Senegal and Algeria. And if you were already adding poor countries, shouldn't we add agencies that address poor country concerns? In 2000, the World Health Organization gained attendance rights too. The 2001 meeting in Genoa, Italy, was stage-managed by Italy's showman prime minister Silvio Berlusconi. He accommodated most of the leaders on luxury cruise ships in Genoa harbor to isolate them from the violent protesters on the mainland. Total costs for the summit were now soaring toward and then past the quarter-billion mark. In 2003, China and India were added as temporary members: the group was now being called the G-8+5. The G-8+5 format quickly broke down however. At the 2004 meeting in Sea Island, Georgia, the United States invited 13 additional countries (plus of course all those international organizations). Over successive years, additional international organizations would be added to the roster: the African Union, UNESCO, the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, and the League of Arab States. In 2010, Canada hosted the G-8 summit of world leaders (in the rural setting of Huntsville, Ontario), at the same time as the G-20 finance ministers met in downtown Toronto. For the first time, costs pass the $1 billion mark mostly due to higher security expenses. But this experiment in folding the G-8 (plus 5!) into the G-20 failed. The two massive entities retained their distinctness, each separately growing bigger, costlier, and progressively more useless. At the 2010 G-8 meeting, France proposed junking the G-8+5 format for a permanent G-14 format: the core seven, plus Russia, plus China, India, Brazil, Mexico, South Africa and 1 Muslim country, so nobody will feel left out. That idea looks likely to be adopted in time for the 2013 meeting in the United Kingdom. By which point of course the original purpose of the meeting will have been lost under the layers of accreted uselessness. So sources close to David Cameron are reporting that the young British prime minister has had a brainwave: Now that the G-8 has swelled into a grandiose nightmare mobile U.N. General Assembly -- now that the G-8 is evolving into a group very nearly identical to the G-20 -- why not just junk the G-14 or merge it with the U.N. General Assembly (which would amount to the same thing as junking it)? Then the leaders of Britain and other major countries could organize amongst themselves some informal talks, no particular agenda, just get-to-know-you, hear what's on your mind ... Coming up soon: the new G-30! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum. Cancer cells can differ hugely within a tumour - it helps them develop ways to resist drugs and spread round the body. A study in the journal Nature showed cells that used up their raw materials became "stressed" and made mistakes copying their genetic code. Scientists said supplying the cancer with more fuel to grow may actually make it less dangerous. Most normal cells in the human body contain 46 chromosomes, or bundles of genetic code. However, some cancerous cells can have more than 100 chromosomes. And the pattern is inconsistent - pick a bunch of neighbouring cells and they could each have different chromosome counts. This diversity helps tumours adapt to become untreatable and colonise new parts of the body. Devising ways of preventing a cancer from becoming diverse is a growing field of research. Scientists at the Cancer Research UK London Research Institute and the University College London Cancer Institute have been trying to crack how cancers become so diverse in the first place. It had been thought that when a cancer cell split to create two new cells, the chromosomes were not split evenly between the two. However, lead researcher Prof Charles Swanton's tests on bowel cancer showed "very little evidence" that was the case. Instead the study showed the problem came from making copies of the cancer's genetic code. Cancers are driven to make copies of themselves, however, if cancerous cells run out of the building blocks of their DNA they develop "DNA replication stress". The study showed the stress led to errors and tumour diversity. Prof Swanton told the BBC: "It is like constructing a building without enough bricks or cement for the foundations. "However, if you can provide the building blocks of DNA you can reduce the replication stress to limit the diversity in tumours, which could be therapeutic." He admitted that it "just seems wrong" that providing the fuel for a cancer to grow could be therapeutic. However, he said this proved that replication stress was the problem and that new tools could be developed to tackle it. Future studies will investigate whether the same stress causes diversity in other types of tumour. The research team identified three genes often lost in diverse bowel cancer cells, which were critical for the cancer suffering from DNA replication stress. All were located on one region of chromosome 18. Prof Nic Jones, Cancer Research UK's chief scientist, said: "This region of chromosome 18 is lost in many cancers, suggesting this process is not just seen in bowel cancers. "Scientists can now start looking for ways to prevent this happening in the first place or turning this instability against cancers." By . Emma Glanfield . London's new £4.2billion 'super sewer' will stop the capital returning to the days of the 'Great Stink' but could see household bills rise by £80, it has been revealed. The 15-mile Thames Tideway Tunnel, estimated to cost nearly half of the 2012 Olympics, will take 10 years to build and will be the biggest infrastructure project ever undertaken by the UK water industry. It will stretch all the way from Acton in West London, along the general path of the River Thames, towards Limehouse where it will veer north-east to Abbey Mills Pumping Station near Stratford. The 15-mile Thames Tideway Tunnel, estimated to cost nearly half of the 2012 Olympics, will take 10 years to build and will be the biggest infrastructure project ever undertaken by the UK water industry. It is said to be needed to help prevent an average of 55million tonnes of untreated sewage being discharged into the river each year . The 'super-sewer' will stretch all the way from Acton in West London, along the general path of the River Thames, towards Limehouse where it will veer north-east to Abbey Mills Pumping Station near Stratford . Situated 65 metres below the river, and with a capacity of 1.6million cubic metres, the sewer is said to be needed to prevent an average of 55million tonnes of untreated sewage being discharged into the river each year. Thames Water has insisted the multi-billion pound project is crucial to stop London returning to the days of the 'Great Stink' when the river acted as an open sewer. At the time, in the mid-1880s, residents complained of the smell from the river which was full of raw sewage. The problem was eventually solved by engineer Sir Joseph Bazalgette, who built a 1,300 mile network of Victorian sewers to stop untreated sewage being pumped into the Thames. But, while they have worked well for more than 150 years, Thames Tideway Tunnel Ltd has now submitted plans for a new system to help combat the rising amount of sewage which overflows from the sewers every year. Exploratory works for the £4.2billion project have already been carried out in the River Thames. Construction could get underway as early as 2016 if given the go-ahead . Thames Water has insisted the multi-billion pound project is crucial to stop London returning to the days of the 'Great Stink' when the river acted as an open sewer . Built from three main construction sites in Fulham, Battersea and Southwark, the Thames Tideway Tunnel is expected to help treat some of the 55million tonnes of 'overflow' raw sewage which the current system cannot cope with. The new system, if given the official go ahead, will intercept the sewage before it enters the river and carefully treat it before pumping it back into the water in East London. Preparatory construction work could potentially start as early as next year if plans are given the go-ahead – but it will come at a price. British engineer Sir Joseph William Bazalgette (standing top right) built London's current drainage system in the 1860's, but his sewers are now starting to overflow . Thames Water estimates that household bills will have to rise by £80 a year to finance the sewer, The Independent reported. However, while regulators have questioned the cost of the 'super-sewer', Sir Peter Bazalgette, the great-great-grandson of Sir Joseph, said he supports public investment into the project. He told the newspaper: 'These major public works need to be done.' If given the green light, preparatory work is expected to begin next year before full construction starts in 2016. The project has a targeted completion date of 2023. A morbidly obese rapist who crushed his victims under the weight of his hulking 23-stone body has been jailed for eight years. Noureldin Derwish threatened to kill the families of his victims - one a 17-year-old girl - if they didn't have sex with him, a court in Melbourne, Australia, heard. A jury found the 27-year-old guilty of 13 counts of rape, three counts of making threats to kill and two counts of false imprisonment, News.au reported. The County Court in Victoria (pictured) heard Noureldin Derwish threatened to kill the families of his victims - one a 17-year-old girl - if they didn't have sex with him . The court heard how he convinced his . victims that he was an international drug lord who knew where former Al Qaida leader Osama bin . Laden lived through his criminal connections. Derwish . lured one victim into his trap by telling her that unless she met him . for sex he would use his Egyptian mafia connections to hunt her down. He took her to a hotel in Melbourne's eastern suburbs where he handcuffed her to a bed for seven hours while he raped her. The young girl had been waiting for her . sister at a station in September 2010 when Derwish, who called himself . Ali, approached her and offered her drugs in exchange for sexual . favours. The victim, who had grown increasingly fearful of Derwish, agreed to meet him again some days later, News.au reported. He . had threatened to find her family and kill them if she told police, and . again reminded her of his links to the Egyptian mafia. The court heard how he convinced his victims that he was an international drug lord who knew where Osama bin Laden lived through his criminal connections . Derwish met his second victim, who was 23, in June 2011. After she rejected a false job offer at one of his strip clubs, he offered her a job working for his fictitious company. While . negotiating details of the fake job, the victim repeatedly turned down . requests to sleep with Derwish, including an offer of $3 million. Derwish . later told his victim that he had not wanted to sleep with her, but was . testing her to see if she was a suitable candidate for the job at the . company. After the victim . grew impatient with waiting to start her new job, Derwish, who went by . the name Fernando, started to become aggressive. He told her he was an international cocaine importer and threatened to kill her entire family while making her watch. He also told the victim that his cousin was looking for a sex slave and had his eyes on her sister. He forced the woman to have unprotected sex on a string of occasions and to make two sex videos. The . judge said that while Derwish was mentally impaired there was . meticulous planning involved in creating the web of lies necessary to . lure his victims. He received a non-parole period of eight years and was placed on the sex offenders' registry for life. SEOUL, South Korea (CNN) -- North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il has been making the the rounds of major industrial facilities in the country's north, state-run media reported Thursday. North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il meets people at a library in the country's north. It was the second time in as many days that state media reported Kim's activities. State media reported Wednesday that Kim had visited a steel company and expressed "great satisfaction" with workers' efforts. The steel factory tour generated no pictures, but his stops at a library and an electronics research facility in Jagang Province the day before did. Kim was shown bundled up in a parka with matching thick gloves. He was also wearing a fur hat and his signature dark sunglasses. The photos showed Kim engaged in conversation and active. South Korean media noted it was the first time since Kim reappeared in public October 4 -- after a hiatus of nearly 60 days -- that his activities have been reported two days in a row. Kim's disappearance during that period raised speculation about the North Korean leader's health. South Korean analysts said they believe the new reports are an attempt by the North Korean leadership to show Kim is healthy and in control. Last week, Francois-Xavier Roux, a French neurosurgeon at Saint-Anne Hospital in Paris, told a French newspaper that Kim had suffered a stroke, but is now better. The doctor said he last treated Kim in late October. The North has denied its leader was ever ill and state media has issued a series of reports portraying Kim as healthy and active. Life lost: Police in Denver shot and killed a 17-year-old girl identified by her friends as Jessica Hernandez early Monday morning . A deadly shooting of a 17-year-old girl at the hands of Denver police officers sparked angry protests in the city Tuesday, with members of the community demanding answers about the fatal encounter. Police shot the teenager early Monday morning after they say she struck and injured an officer with a stolen car. Authorities did not release the girl's name, but friends identified her as Jessica Hernandez. 'We're angry about it. It's another life taken by another cop,' said 19-year-old Cynthia Valdez, a close friend and schoolmate of the girl. 'She was trying to find her talent. She wanted to find out what she wanted to be. ... Who knows what she could have been?' Few details were immediately released after the shooting in an alley in the older, middle-class residential neighborhood. The four other people - three girls and a boy - in the car were not injured by the gunfire, and all were being questioned as part of the investigation, police said. It was not clear whether any had been arrested. Police Chief Robert White said an officer was called to check on a suspicious vehicle at around 6.30am Monday in the Park Hill section of Denver and a colleague arrived after it was determined the car had been reported stolen. In a statement, police said the two officers then 'approached the vehicle on foot when the driver drove the car into one of the officers.' White said both officers then opened fire. The officer hit by the car was taken to a hospital with a leg injury. Scroll down for video . Shots fired: Denver police shot and killed a 17-year-old gir early Monday after they said she drove a stolen car at officers, hitting one of them in the leg . Public rage: Nazzi McDonnell, left, of Colorado Springs, joins other participants in waving placards during a vigil near the scene of the early morning fatal shooting of a young woman . Emotional: Destiny Moya fights back tears as she talks to reporters during a vigil near the scene of the early morning fatal shooting of Jessica Hernandez . Making their voices heard: Brandi Mendieta, front, of Colorado Springs, listens to speakers while surrounded by placard-waving participants at a vigil . Rev. Terrence Hughes, center, leads participants in prayer during a vigil near the scene of the early morning fatal shooting of 17-year-old Jessica . Bobbie Diaz, whose 17-year-old daughter was in the car, said she was lying in bed when she heard four gunshots followed by an officer yelling, 'Freeze! Get out of the car! Get down!' Diaz said she came outside to see officers with their guns drawn pulling people out of the car, including Jessica. 'She seemed like she was not responding, not moving,' she said. 'They just yanked her out and handcuffed her.' Meanwhile, Diaz said she heard another person screaming, 'She's dead! She's dead!' 'I'm just trying to process everything. I'm just heartbroken for the girl's family,' Diaz said. 'How could something like this happen again?' Another woman, Arellia Hammock, who has lived in the neighborhood for about a decade, said she heard three gunshots about 6.30am and then saw several police cars streaming down the street. Hammock said she understands one of the officers was injured, but 'that's still no reason to shoot.' 'They shouldn't have stolen a car. But the cops are too fast on the gun,' she said. 'You've got stun guns. You've got rubber bullets. Why do they have to shoot all the time?' That sentiment was echoed during Monday's vigil as some held signs decrying police brutality. Jessica's friend Cynthia Valdez, 19, said the 17-year-old was trying to find her talent . Candles burn in front of participants at a vigil and protest against police brutality . Makeshift memorial: A teddy bear sits near a display of candles standing near the spot where Hernandez was shot dead by police . Speaking out: Protesters wave placards as activists head into a meeting on Tuesday with officials from the office of the Denver District Attorney about the fatal shooting . One of the signs read, 'Girls' Lives Matter,' a play on the 'Black Lives Matter' slogan that became a rallying cry after the police killings of unarmed black men in Ferguson, Missouri and New York City. 'It should have been handled differently. She's a young girl. I'm just not OK with it,' said 17-year-old Destiny Moya, who grew up with Jessica. Both officers involved in the shooting have been placed on administrative leave pending the investigation, which was being conducted by police, the district attorney and the Office of the Independent Monitor, a civilian oversight agency for the city. Earlier today, prosecutors promised a thorough investigation and asked angry protesters gathered outside District Attorney Mitch Morrissey's office for patience. Morrissey wasn't there during the tense confrontation at his office, where chief deputy district attorneys Doug Jackson and Lamar Sims spoke over shouts and obscenities from some of the protesters. Jackson said he could not discuss the facts of the case but assured the group that the findings of the investigation will be made public when it's finished. 'You can decide whether we made the right decision or not,' Jackson said. Furious: Jose Castaneda, front left, who lost his cousin in a police shooting early Monday, joins activist Anthony Grimes Tuesday . Justice for Jessica: Castaneda and his fellow activists are calling for a special prosecutor to be appointed to investigate Hernandez's shooting . In tears: A tear runs down the cheek of Rev. Patrick Demmer, left, as he is consoled by Anthony Grimes as the activists speak before Tuesday's meeting with officials . Plea: Doug Jackson, center, and Lamar Sims, right, senior chief deputy district attorneys with the office of the Denver District Attorney, promised a thorough investigation and asked for patience . The girl's cousin, Jose Castaneda, said he was frustrated and didn't want to wait months to find out what happened. 'Let me ask you one question, how would you feel if it was your kid?' he yelled before storming away. Protesters said they don't trust Morrissey's office to handle the case because the last time a Denver police officer faced charges in a shooting was 1992. 'We are sick and tired of these kinds of things happening and there seems to be no true objective investigation,' said the Rev. Patrick Demmer of the Greater Metro Denver Ministerial Alliance. A shrine of red and white flowers and candles, and a grinning white teddy bear marked the shooting scene Tuesday. Magaly Castaneda, 17, a friend of Hernandez, visited the site and said she doubted Hernandez would have intentionally hit an officer. Those who knew Jessica (pictured left and right) said she had a lot of heart and expressed doubt that she had struck the officer on purpose with the car . 'She didn't even get time to think that she was going to get shot,' Castaneda said. She had known Hernandez since both were middle school students doing each other's hair and makeup. Castaneda said Hernandez would bring home friends who had nowhere else to go, sometimes exasperating her mother. 'She always had a heart. She always cared about everyone,' Castaneda said. By law, police are allowed to use force to stop and overcome the resistance of another person. They can use it to match the force and overcome it. London (CNN) -- The editors of Rupert Murdoch's News of the World tabloid knew that their reporters were hacking phones in search of stories, former News of the World journalist Paul McMullan testified Tuesday. He named Andy Coulson, who went on to become an adviser to British Prime Minister David Cameron, and Rebekah Brooks, a Murdoch protege, as editors who were aware of the practice. Coulson resigned as editor of the tabloid in 2007 when one of his reporters went to prison for hacking the voice mails of Prince William's staff, and he later became Cameron's communications director. Coulson has always denied knowing about phone hacking, saying he quit the paper because he was ultimately responsible for the actions of his staff. McMullan was testifying before the Leveson Inquiry, a probe Cameron established in the face of public anger at the news that the News of the World hacked the phone of 13-year-old murder victim Milly Dowler. The Leveson Inquiry has been hearing from high-profile figures for more than a week. McMullan said phone hacking was widespread at the tabloid and described being caught out himself while trying to hack David Beckham's phone. The soccer star shocked him by answering the phone before McMullan could dial the code to access his voice mail, forcing the journalist to hang up quickly, he said. He argued that the public was complicit in the country's tabloid culture, saying newspapers publish stories about stars because "there is a taste for it, there is a market for it." Celebrities also use the tabloid press to increase their exposure, he said, describing how model Katie Price, better known as Jordan, gave him the finger through a window. He snapped a picture of her, thinking, "Thanks, love," and sold it for 2,000 pounds ($3,100). "She knew exactly what she was doing," he said. He also defended the tabloids' methods as part of a free society, saying he would not want to live in a country where only the secret services were able to hack phones. His defense of the tabloids came a day after singer Charlotte Church blasted the News of the World tabloid for its decision to publish a lurid story about her father having an affair while her mother was getting treatment for mental illness. "They knew how vulnerable she was and still printed a story like that, which is just horrific," she said. The former child star also spoke of her anger at finding out her phone may have been hacked by a private investigator working for the Rupert Murdoch tabloid. The investigator, Glenn Mulcaire, had details of her phone and those of her parents, friends and former boyfriends, Church said police had told her. Mulcaire went to prison for hacking royal staff voice mails along with News of the World royal correspondent Clive Goodman. Celebrities who have already testified before the inquiry include "Harry Potter" author J.K. Rowling and "G.I. Joe" actress Sienna Miller, who both complained of being hounded by paparazzi. Actor Hugh Grant also appeared before the panel, and he implied that police leaked information to the tabloid press. He also accused the Mail on Sunday of hacking. Police investigating phone hacking by journalists say that about 5,800 people, including celebrities, crime victims, politicians and members of the royal family, were targets of the practice by journalists in search of stories. It involves illegally eavesdropping on voice mail by entering a PIN to access messages remotely. A father has organised his own funeral, pre-booked a burial plot and made memory boxes for his young children because he has just months to live. Andrew Hickie, 42, father to James, six, and Alexandra, four, has skin cancer which has spread around his body. Yet the council worker, who is married to Victoria, 39, has vowed to remain optimistic and enjoy the limited time he has left. Heartbreaking: Andrew Hickie with son James, six, and daughter Alexandra, four, has skin cancer which has spread around his body but he's determined to enjoy the time he has left with his family . Battle: Mr Hickie, pictured with his children, was diagnosed with cancer in 2012 after an innocuous blister tucked under a toe turned out to be cancer. After it was removed he discovered the cancer had spread . He is also keen to raise awareness of the dangers of skin cancer. Mr Hickie, from Kenton Bankfoot, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, said: 'The speed of the cancer progression has been devastating for me, my family, friends and colleagues.' Skin cancer cases have soared seven-fold in the past 40 years. The shock rise is blamed on the legacy of sunshine package holidays which became popular in the 1960s. Many of the patients being diagnosed today suffered cancer-causing sunburn in their youth, experts said this week. And they warned the continuing obsession with sporting a tan will mean the toll keeps rising. Sunbeds were singled out for criticism for fuelling the huge increase in all types of skin cancer, especially among young women. New figures from Cancer Research UK show that more than 13,000 people a year develop malignant melanoma – the most deadly type of skin cancer. The total is expected to surge to 20,000 a year by 2027. In 1975 the figure was just 1,800. Malignant melanoma has become the fifth most common cancer in Britain, killing more than 2,000 people a year. It is also the most common cancer in women in their 20s. If caught early, it is treatable. If it spreads, even chemotherapy has little effect. 'I remain positive about the time ahead to try and prolong my life and will enjoy every day. My main sadness is the time I will miss with my family in time to come, something one takes for granted, like walking my daughter down the aisle or seeing my son become a man.' Mr Hickie's nightmare began in August 2012 after an innocuous small blister tucked under a toe on his left foot turned out to be melanoma. Medics removed the tumour and Mr Hickie lost two toes as a result of the surgery at Newcastle's Royal Victoria Infirmary. He continued to get regular checkups . and things were going well as 10 months later he was promoted to service . director for economic and housing growth at Gateshead Council. However, . within the first week of starting his new role he found a lump on his . groin and a subsequent CT scan revealed that the cancer had spread to . his abdomen, right lung and some lymph nodes. Mr . Hickie had an operation to remove his left groin lymph glands and was . recently told that the cancer had spread to his skull and soft tissue . behind his left eye. There is now no cure and he has lost 95 per cent vision in one eye. Mr Hickie was part of a clinical trial . at the Sir Bobby Robson Unit, but was removed from the programme as he . was not responding to treatment. He . is currently undergoing intensive radiotherapy and hopes to receive the . life-extending drug Ipilimubab with the aim of giving him a few . precious extra years with his family. Mr . Hickie said: 'It is the hardest conversation you can ever have telling . your children what's happening. There are two things that upset me the . most. Mr Hickie said telling his children was the hardest conversation and he is devastated that he won't be able to see them grow up past their 10th birthday. He's also been very moved by the kindness towards his family . Look out for new moles, freckles or patches of skin that have suddenly changed colour or size and get them checked by a doctor. In particular pay attention to moles which are asymmetrical – the sides being different. You should also get moles checked out by medics if they are wider than 6mm across, which is a quarter of an inch. Moles which have jagged edges or show uneven colour should also be seen by a doctor, experts say. Other signs include moles or spots which are itchy or bleed and sores that will not heal. 'The first is the children, as I won't be able to see them grow up and probably won't see them past their 10th birthday. The second is the general human kindness that has been shown towards me and my family, as it has been a huge support. 'I'm able to handle my situation because I have a very positive mindset and I am determined to get through this without dwelling on things. I live each day as it comes.' Over the last few weeks, he has been undertaking the heartbreaking tasks of sorting his will, organising his own funeral arrangements and making memory boxes for his children. 'It's going to be very difficult for my wife on her own and I want to put things together to make it as easy for her as possible,' he said. He continues to look to the future and has a number of milestones that he wants to reach, including going to see his favourite football team Arsenal play in the FA Cup final at Wembley next month, celebrate his ninth wedding anniversary on May 28, and see his wife turn 40 on July 5. He added: 'My family, friends, neighbours, work, children's school and medical staff have all been so supportive and have helped me immensely. I am so proud that I have been part of my children's formative years as it is really important to be there when they are a young age. To see how they've developed fills me with joy.' (CNN) -- Sherri Shepherd and Jenny McCarthy are weathering changes at "The View" changes with a smile. The two daytime TV hosts are among those leaving ABC's long-running talk show, which is in the midst of some "abrupt" changes. Yet on Thursday, Shepherd and McCarthy showed their solidarity on Instagram. "Mr @DonnieWahlberg always takes care of his ladies @jennyannmccarthy & me!" Shepherd captioned a photo of herself with McCarthy and McCarthy's fiancÃ©, Donnie Wahlberg, all three of them wearing grins. "To be continued," she remarked. Sources told CNN that producers and people close to Shepherd have been aware for months that she was ready to leave "The View." The sources added that Shepherd opted to keep the news quiet, not wanting to overshadow or disrupt Barbara Walters' departure in May. "The number 7 is God's number of completion & after 7 seasons my time at The View is now complete! ... Incredibly grateful to my second mom @BarbaraJWalters for pushing me beyond my comfort zone - it's been amazing doing it scared!" Shepherd tweeted Thursday. "Life should be lived. Run towards the things that scare you. Choose joy and trust God - everything else will work out as it should." "The View" has been in a state of flux for the past year, with longtime personalities Joy Behar and Elisabeth Hasselbeck taping their final shows in mid-2013. Jenny McCarthy was added to the "View" panel last July, but it appears that she, too, is leaving. "If Sherri goes... I go too. #sisters," McCarthy tweeted Thursday. "My View will be changing too. As will with many hard working folks. Thanks to everyone at the show for your dedication and an amazing year." While it's unclear what "The View" has in store, the network told CNN in a statement that the series "will be moving in an exciting new direction next season and ABC has made decisions to evolve the show creatively." CNN's Nischelle Turner and Topher Gauk-Roger contributed to this report. Mauricio Pochettino has been urged by Tottenham Hotspur legend to play his strongest team ahead of tonight's Capital One Cup second leg clash against Sheffield United. Tottenham travel to Bramall Lane tonight with a slender 1-0 advantage following Andros Townsend's penalty in the first leg, with the winners facing Chelsea at Wembley. An FA Cup winner with Spurs in 1981, Ardiles revealed he has already told Pochettino about the importance of the being in a cup final. Mauricio Pochettino has been urged by Ossie Ardiles to play his strongest team against Sheffield United . 'I believe Tottenham should play with the A-Team. We are one step from Wembley,' he told talkSPORT. 'Mauricio Pochettino certainly knows the importance of Wembley and the importance of being in a final, so I hope he will play the best team and I hope we have a very good result.' When questioned whether he had mentioned this to his fellow countryman, he replied: 'I've told him already.' Ardiles (right) won the FA Cup with Tottenham in 1981 and knows how important a Wembley appearance is . (From left) Roberto Soldado, goal scorer Andros Townsend, Christian Eriksen and Harry Kane celebrate . Officers say Robert Giles, 27, asked the victim to call her boyfriend so he could hear the assault. Police say quick thinking by the victim of a frightening abduction and assault helped them catch her attacker in the act. The attack happened early Monday in the back of an adult entertainment store. Officers say Robert Giles, 27, asked the victim to call her boyfriend so he could hear the assault. Instead of calling her boyfriend, she called 911. Police say the savvy 911 operator also kept his wits about him. “It was quick thinking on his behalf. In fact, (it) might have saved her life,” Clayton County police Maj. Joe Woodall said. Officers say Giles kidnapped the victim from Hapeville and brought her to the closed Starship Novelties and Gifts store on Tara Boulevard around 4 a.m. Monday intending to rape her. That’s when he allegedly asked her to call her boyfriend so he could listen to the assault. The victim called 911 and told her attacker it was her boyfriend. The 911 operator played along. “She explained to him what the perpetrator had told her; that he was wanting him to listen while she was being raped,” Woodall said. The operator tried to talk the attacker out of the assault and sent police. Police quickly arrived and say they arrested Giles in the act. “They were able to stop it right then and there and snatched him right from the car,” Woodall said. Giles now faces rape, false imprisonment and obstruction charges. Hapeville police are preparing kidnapping charges against Giles. ||||| Just One More Thing... We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your profile. If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close ||||| Deonte Smith, a senior 911 operator in Clayton County, says he was just doing his job and the victim deserves all the credit for keeping her wits about her while she was being attacked and sexually assaulted. A local 911 dispatcher walked us through the moments an abducted woman called needing urgent help. He pretended to be her boyfriend when her attacker forced her to make the call. Deonte Smith, a senior 911 operator in Clayton County, says he was just doing his job and the victim deserves all the credit for keeping her wits about her while she was being attacked and sexually assaulted. “I would like to meet you in person. I really want to. I’m thankful for your quick thinking,” Smith said of the victim. He also says she got some help from above because if she had called a few seconds later he would have been on break. ”Honestly I'd say divine intervention,” Smith said. “I was the only guy on the floor that night. The other guy we had had just left not too long before the call came in.” The caller said she was being assaulted by Robert Timothy Giles. Officers say Giles kidnapped the victim and brought her to a novelty store parking lot on Tara Boulevard around 4 a.m. Monday. Police say Giles forced the victim to call her boyfriend so he could listen in on the assault. The victim instead called 911 and Smith pretended to be her boyfriend. “(It was) the most extreme call of my career,” Smith said. Police say Smith talked to Giles and tried to get him to stop the assault. Smith told Channel 2’s Tom Jones the call upset him. “Very much so. I have a daughter, I have a sister and I have a mom. (It’s) difficult, it really is. I was really upset,” Smith said. But Smith said he had to remain professional. He dispatched police and when they arrived, officers say Giles was still assaulting the victim. A Clayton County judge denied bond for Giles Tuesday. Giles shook his head in disagreement when the judge read details about the attack. The 27-year-old faces rape, false imprisonment and obstruction charges. ||||| WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Key members of Congress from both parties want NASA's internal watchdog fired, arguing he can't be trusted to oversee the $1 billion in additional money the space agency is getting under the Obama administration's economic stimulus package. Lawmakers say NASA's inspector general cannot be trusted and must go. Government reports dating back to 2006 have accused NASA Inspector General Robert "Moose" Cobb of ineffectiveness, of profanely berating employees and being too close to the agency's leadership. Calls for his ouster have intensified in the past month, since NASA is getting additional stimulus money for space exploration, research, and aeronautics. "Apparently, Mr. Cobb thought he was supposed to be the lap dog, rather than the watchdog, of NASA," Rep. Bart Gordon, D-Tennessee, told CNN. Gordon, chairman of the House Committee on Science and Technology, has asked President Obama to remove Cobb. In a letter co-authored by Rep. Brad Miller, D-North Carolina, who leads the House Subcommittee on Investigations and Oversight, the lawmakers argue that "NASA cannot afford another four years with an ineffective inspector general." Watch NASA watchdog under fire » . "It's incredibly ironic for members of Congress who have scolded the inspector general for lousy oversight to dump a billion dollars into the agency," said Pete Sepp, vice president of the National Taxpayers Union, a nonprofit, nonpartisan watchdog group that monitors government spending. "The first thing you do when you're digging a hole is to stop digging. Congress doesn't seem to get that message." Cobb declined two requests from CNN to respond to the complaints. In December 2008, the Government Accountability Office released a report that criticized how Cobb was running the inspector general's office. The GAO, the investigative arm of Congress, "found that Mr. Cobb is one of the least productive IGs in the federal government," Gordon and Miller wrote. "His monetary accomplishments reflect a return of just 36 cents for every dollar budgeted for his office. This compares with an average of $9.49 returned for every dollar spent on other IGs' offices. The main reason for this failure is that NASA's audit operation is not working." Gordon told CNN that Cobb's "own peers said he wasn't doing his job, that he didn't understand the audit process and that he was not carrying out the investigation process. As a matter of fact, he was slowing it down, or even stopping it." And Iowa Sen. Chuck Grassley, the ranking Republican on the Senate Finance Committee, agreed that Cobb must be replaced. "Inspectors general are the first line of defense against the waste of taxpayers' money," Grassley told CNN. "And, if he's not doing his job, and you stick another billion dollars into it, then you just know there's another billion dollars that there could be a lot of waste of it." A 2006 investigation by a presidential integrity council found Cobb "engaged in abuse of authority" and had a "close relationship" with former NASA Administrator Sean O'Keefe that "compromised" his independence. The two played golf together and took official trips together on NASA aircraft. Read investigative integrity report (Warning: Report contains explicit language) The committee also found that Cobb "engaged in an abuse of authority" through his "habitual use of profanity," and recommended disciplinary action "up to and including removal," Gordon and Miller wrote. Cobb defended himself at a 2007 congressional hearing, arguing that he had upheld his oath of office. "At NASA, I have taken the responsibilities of office under the Inspector General Act seriously and without compromise to root out and prevent fraud, waste and abuse, and to promote the economy and efficiency of the agency," he said. "I've worked with NASA management in the manner contemplated by the Inspector General Act." But former staffers told the committee that Cobb created a disturbing work environment. "One of my early experiences with Mr. Cobb was so disturbing that I considered leaving the OIG almost immediately afterwards," said Debra Herzog, former deputy assistant inspector-general for investigations. "At a scheduled weekly meeting, Mr. Cobb, in front of his deputy and my supervisor, berated me concerning a word in a letter. In an ensuing monologue, loudly peppered with profanities, Mr. Cobb insulted and ridiculed me," Herzog recounted. Lance Carrington, the former assistant inspector general for investigations, told the panel that "in many investigative cases, Mr. Cobb appeared to have a lack of independence when NASA officials were subjects, or if arrest/search warrants were obtained for NASA facilities. Mr. Cobb would question every aspect of the cases and gave the appearance he wanted to derail them before agents were given adequate time to investigate the allegations." Gordon told CNN it's time for Cobb to go. "President Obama needs to replace Mr. Cobb as quickly as possible with someone who can do the job," he said. (CNN) -- Argentina star Lionel Messi has cemented his status as the greatest player on the planet by becoming the first player to win FIFA's prestigious Ballon d'Or title on four separate occasions. The Barcelona forward, who broke a number of records in 2012, beat teammate Andres Iniesta and Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo to an award voted for by national coaches, captains and journalists. The 25-year-old polled 41.60% of the votes, ahead of Ronaldo on 23.68% and Iniesta with 10.91%, to win his fourth title in a row. Messi's fourth FIFA crown elevates him above the two players with three titles apiece: former Brazil forward Ronaldo (1996, 1997, 2002) and Frenchman Zinedine Zidane (1998, 2000, 2003). "To tell you the truth, this is really quite unbelievable," he said at Monday's awards ceremony in the Swiss city Zurich. "The fourth award that I have had is just too great for words." "I would like to recognize my other colleagues from Barcelona: Iniesta, it has been great to train and play alongside you. I would also like to recognize all of my friends in the Argentinian national team. "Everyone that has worked with me coaches and staff and my family and my friends. Also my wife and my son. Thank you." Messi ended the year with 91 goals to his name as he beat the previous record mark of goals scored in a calendar year -- the 85 converted by Germany's Gerd Muller in 1972. In addition, the diminutive forward set a new record for the European Champions League by scoring 14 goals during the 2011-12 campaign, a period when he became the first man to score five goals in a game in the competition (against Bayer Leverkusen). 2008 FIFA World Footballer of the Year Ronaldo had to settle for second place for the third time, after runner-up finishes to Messi in both 2009 and 2011. Meanwhile, Vicente del Bosque -- whose Spain side became the first team to successfully defend the European Championship -- was named Coach of the Year. The 62-year-old won 34.51% of the vote, with Real Madrid manager Jose Mourinho second (20.49%) and Messi's former Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola third (12.91%). It was a good night for Spain, which not only swept the major awards but whose La Liga provided every single member of the FIFA FIFPro World XI following a poll of 50,00 professional players from all over the world. The FIFA Puskas award for the year's best goal -- which was voted for by more than five million fans in an online poll -- was awarded to Galatasaray's Slovakian striker Miroslav Stoch for his superb volley against Turkish league rivals Genclerbirligi. United States striker Abby Wambach won the FIFA Women's World Player of the Year award for the first time while her former coach, Pia Sundhage, who led the U.S. to its second Olympic gold medal at London 2012, was named Women's Coach of the Year. Sundhage is now in charge of Sweden's women's team. The FIFA Ballon d'Or was awarded for the third time following the 2010 amalgamation of the FIFA World Player of the Year award with the France Football Ballon d'Or, which was popularly known as the European Footballer of the Year award. FIFA Ballon d'Or: Lionel Messi (Argentina/Barcelona) FIFA Women's World Player of the Year: Abby Wambach (U.S./MagicJack) FIFA Puskas Award: Miroslav Stoch (Slovakia/Galatasaray) FIFA Coach of the Year: Vicente del Bosque (Spain) FIFA Women's Coach of the Year: Pia Sundhage (U.S.) FIFA / FIFPro World XI: Goalkeeper: Iker Casillas (Spain/Real Madrid). Defenders: Dani Alves (Brazil/Barcelona), Gerard Pique (Spain/Barcelona), Sergio Ramos (Spain/Real Madrid), Marcelo (Brazil/Real Madrid). Midfielders: Xabi Alonso (Spain/Real Madrid), Xavi Hernandez (Spain/Barcelona), Iniesta (Spain/Barcelona). Forwards: Cristiano Ronaldo (Portugal/Real Madrid), Radamel Falcao (Colombia/Atletico Madrid), Messi. FIFA Presidential Award: Franz Beckenbauer (Germany) FIFA Fair Play Award: Uzbekistan Football Federation . Ohio State's football stadium went silent Saturday as an announcer called out the name of a missing football player while a police poster seeking information on his disappearance appeared on the scoreboard. Kosta Karageorge was the last of 24 Ohio State players who were expected to play their final game at Ohio Stadium against rival Michigan. His family says he was last seen Wednesday, after suffering a concussion and texting his mother an apology for 'being an embarassment'. Friends, family and police fear the worst for the 22-year-old. The seventh-ranked Buckeyes went on to defeat archrival Michigan 42-28. Scroll down for video . Silence: A police poster showing Kosta Karageorge, an Ohio State player who has been missing since earlier in the week, is displayed on the video board before the start of the Ohio State's NCAA college gameSaturday . Missing: The mother of the missing Ohio State football player told police he texted her about his prior concussions the morning he disappeared . The seventh-ranked Buckeyes went on to defeat archrival Michigan 42-28. After the game, an emotional coach Urban Meyer addressed the missing player. 'Our prayers and thoughts are with him and his family and to have him return home safe,' Meyer said. 'He's got a great personality, one of the favorite people I've ever met — just an interesting guy and a big heart,' said starting defensive tackle Michael Bennett. 'We're hoping he comes back soon.' The stadium announcer said the entire university community was concerned about Karageorge and hoping for his safe return. Earlier in the day, around 200 volunteers swarmed the streets in search of the Ohio State football player. Karageorge's former wrestling coach Jeremiah Webber led a crowd of volunteers with flyers and maps of his last-known steps. 'I'm very scared for him,' he told The Columbus Dispatch. 'I'm worried. I'm trying to remain optimistic. We love him, and we want him home.' Search: Hundreds went in search of Ohio State player Kosta Karageorge, 22, in Columbus, Ohio on Saturday three days after he vanished. His former coach (second left in red hoodie) said he is very scared for him . Desperate: Flyers and maps of Karageorge's last-known steps were printed off and distributed in the town . A missing-person report filed with Columbus police Wednesday evening says defensive tackle Kosta Karageorge told his mother he was sorry if he was an embarrassment but concussions had his head messed up . Webber urged anyone that may have seen him to contact police. 'If you think you saw a 6'5', 250lb man, there aren't many out there. Chances are, it's him,' he said. His appeal came as a group of former Ohio State players tweeted their offer of a $1,000 cash reward for information that leads to Karageorge, who also goes by his middle name Alex. The senior was reported missing after he uncharacteristically skipped two practices. His mother, Susan Karageorge, told police he has had several concussions and a few spells of being extremely confused. She said at about 1:30 a.m. Wednesday he texted a message that cited the concussions and said: 'I am sorry if I am an embarrassment.' The team's physician insists the squad would not have let Karageorge play after injury or illness if he weren't ready. The player from Columbus was last seen at his apartment at around 2 a.m. Wednesday. Community effort: Former Ohio State players have offered a $1,000 cash reward to find the 6'5' player . Questions: It is unclear why Karageorge texted his mother to apologize for being an embarrassment . Appeal: His former coach Jeremiah Webber (left) told anyone that sees a 6'5' man to call state police . Uncharacteristic: Roommates say the 250lb defensive tackle left the apartment for a walk at 2am Wednesday . Description: Flyers featuring a picture of Karageorge with his mother describe him as having brown eyes . Roommates said he appeared upset and went for a walk, dressed in a black hat, black sweater, black pants, and black boots. Ohio State coach Urban Meyer described Karageorge as a hard worker and an important player in practice. 'Our thoughts continue to be with the family of Kosta Karageorge, and we pray that he is safe and that he is found soon,' Meyer said in a Friday statement. Karageorge, a former Buckeyes wrestler, joined the football team as a walk-on this season. He has played in one game and is among two dozen seniors slated to be recognized at their final home game Saturday against rival Michigan. The team's physician said he's confident in the policies in which athletes are returned to play after injury . Karageorge, a former Buckeyes wrestler, joined the football team as a walk-on this season . Karageorge's sister said he left without his wallet or his motorcycle. He has a history of concussions, including one a month ago, and might have become disoriented, she said. 'We're very concerned that he's not himself and that he maybe doesn't know what's going on,' she told the newspaper. She said after each concussion, he has followed trainers' instructions and received proper care, but 'his repercussions from (concussions) have been long-term or delayed.' The team's physician, Dr Jim Borchers, said Friday that he could not comment on the medical care of student athletes. But, Boarches said, 'We are confident in our medical procedures and policies to return athletes to participation following injury or illness.' The Dispatch reports that about 100 people gathered Friday afternoon in Columbus to post fliers with the player's photo and description. The 79-year-old was walking along Birch Street in Birch, Essex, just before 09:00 BST on Sunday. A trailer attached to a John Deere tractor travelling towards Wigborough became uncoupled and hit the man. The victim, who was said to live locally, died at the scene. The Health and Safety Executive has launched an investigation. Essex Police have called for anyone who saw the incident to come forward. By . Mail On Sunday Reporter . Last updated at 1:09 AM on 8th January 2012 . They are classic symbols of a laid-back student lifestyle, but overdue library books have earned Britain’s universities £50 million in fines. Top of the earners was Leeds University, which has raised more than £1.8 million in the past six years. In second place, Manchester University collected almost £1.3 million, while the University of Wolverhampton came third with £1.25 million. A fine income: The figures show students are returning thousands of books late each year (file photo) At the bottom of the table, Imperial College London collected £26,703. With fines as little as 10p for each day overdue, the figures show students are returning thousands of books late each year. And many are never returned at all, with more than 300,000 books unaccounted for across the country. The university with the worst lost books record was Bucks New University, High Wycombe, followed by Oxford and then Kent. Top earner: Leeds University raised more than £1.8million in the past six years . The figures were revealed in Freedom of Information requests to Britain’s universities. But some universities are getting tough. Library debts as low as £5 will prevent students from graduating at Exeter University, as will £20 of debts at Lancaster or £25 at Glasgow. And at Westminster, negligent students are banned from using the library for as long as their books have been overdue. The Queen's Swan Marker, David Barber, said incidents had been recorded in Caversham, Hurley, Maidenhead and Marlow. Mr Barber said there had also been reports of egg theft and vandalism. Last year's Swan Upping ceremony recorded that cygnet numbers were down by a third following air rifle attacks. Mr Barber appealed to dog walkers to keep their pets under control near swans and other wildlife. He said: "Sadly, some of the injuries sustained by the parent birds have been fatal, resulting in young cygnets struggling to survive on their own against the ever-present threats of natural predators. "Without the adult birds being present to protect them, many cygnets do not survive such attacks." The Swan Upping ceremony, which dates back to the 12th century, is due to be held this year on 18-22 July. The annual event involves teams of rowers in scarlet uniforms collecting swans and assessing their health on behalf of the Crown, which claims ownership of swans on certain stretches of the Thames and its tributaries. By . Simeon Gholam . Follow @@SimGholam . Tottenham are close to completing the signing of right-back DeAndre Yedlin, according to his Seattle Sounders manager Sigi Schmid. Mauricio Pochettino will be hoping to strengthen that area of his side ahead of the start of the Premier League this season, especially with first-choice right-back Kyle Walker still on the recovery from the injury that prevented him from going to the World Cup. And, according to Schmid, Spurs are near to completing a deal for the 21-year-old American. Transfer target: Spurs are close to signing Seattle Sounders defender DeAndre Yedlin . All smiles: Yedlin (right) in MLS all-star action with Tim Cahill, Thierry Henry and Landon Donovan among others . 'Yedlin's situation is very close,' said the Seattle boss. 'Some things are not entirely completed yet so we didn't want to play him and have the risk of injury without everything being finalised, but hopefully it will be completed in the next day or two.' Yedlin made three substitute appearances for the USA at the World Cup as they reached the last-16, and he would become Spurs' fourth signing of the summer after Ben Davies and Michel Vorm arrived from Swansea, and Eric Dier from Sporting Lisbon. Police in North Carolina are searching for a man who robbed a bank while dressed head-to-toe as Darth Vader from Star Wars - except he had a shotgun instead of a light saber. The robbery happened at the Pineville State Employees Credit Union at about 11.45am on Monday, a time when there's a lot of foot traffic in and out of the area. The man entered the bank dressed as Darth Vader and demanded money from the teller as he pointed a shotgun over the counter, police said. Scroll down for video . The man walked into a Pineville, North Carolina bank on Monday at about 11.45am, when customers and staff were in the building . The man, who was dressed in dark clothing and a Darth Vader mask, pointed a shotgun over the counter as he demanded money . Pineville Police said that the State Employees Credit Union is a high foot traffic area around mid-day, when the man went into the building . Unlike the massive and towering Darth Vader from the films, the suspect is about 5ft, 5in tall, police said. He was wearing dark clothing and a mask, according to WSOC. The man fled the scene in a gray four-door Chevrolet Suburban, taking off with thousands of dollars, police said. 'You think about what time of day it was. It was right around lunch time in a very busy area, very busy intersection of our town,' Pineville Police Lt Corey Copley told WSOC. 'There's a lot of foot traffic in and out of the bank at that time of day. This is definitely something unusual you don't see every day in law enforcement,' he added. Though there were customers and staff in the bank at the time, no one was injured during the robbery. Unlike the massive and towering Darth Vader from the Star Wars films, the suspect is about 5ft, 5in tall . Though there were customers and staff in the bank at the time of the robbery, no one was injured during the incident . The man fled the scene in a gray four-door Chevrolet Suburban, taking off with thousands of dollars, police said . Real Madrid have held further conversations with Manchester United as they press to take Javier Hernandez on loan. The Mexico striker will leave United on Monday and the Santiago Bernabeu is looking increasingly like his next destination. Real, who have Karim Benzema as their only recognised centre forward, opened discussions on Saturday with the player being informed of their interest while returning from Saturday's game with Burnley. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Javier Hernandez scream in his Ice Bucket Challenge . Fringe player: Real Madrid are interested in taking Manchester United striker Javier Hernandez on loan . Far from happy: Hernandez, pictured with David de Gea, will be desperate to get some minutes under his belt . Missing: Radamel Falcao withdrew from Monaco's squad and was pictured with super agent Jorge Mendes . Hernandez has offers from Juventus and Valencia also while Atletico Madrid expressed an interest prior to bidding for Torino's Alessio Cerci. Tottenham remain confident of signing Danny Welbeck on loan while Tom Cleverley will leave United also on loan with Aston Villa still favourites. Leicester City have also made an offer for United prospect Tom Lawrence, 20, who was given his debut by Ryan Giggs at the end of last season against Hull City. Arsenal made late a check on Loic Remy's transfer status ahead of Monday's transfer deadline. The QPR striker has completed a move to Chelsea, but the Gunners enquired to see on how far his move to Stamford Bridge is down the line. But it is understood the North London club were told that his move to Chelsea was virtually complete meaning Arsene Wenger will have to look elsewhere for a new forward. Sources at the Emirates Stadium insist Wenger believes he has enough firepower in his squad to cope with the absence of Olivier Giroud. And a deal for a new striker is looking increasingly unlikely as we head into the final hours of the transfer window. Arsenal remain interested in Sporting Lisbon midfielder William Carvalho . Arsenal target: Arsene Wenger has missed out on signing Chelsea new boy Loic Remy . Southampton have offered £11.8million for Red Bull Salzburg forward Sadio Mane. The pacy Senegal international can play on either wing or behind the striker and has been the subject of interest from West Ham and Manchester City this summer. Mane, 22, has scored 45 goals in 86 appearances for Salzburg and Ronald Koeman believes he can solve his problem left side position. Koeman could also make one final bid to sign Tottenham winger Andros Townsend. Numbers game: Southampton boss Ronald Koeman is hoping to bolster his squad before Monday's deadline . Chelsea midfielder Marco van Ginkel has changed his mind and agreed to join AC Milan on loan. The young Holland midfielder had told the Italians he wanted to stay at Stamford Bridge and fight for his place but with his chances looking limited he has decided Milan would be the next best step for his career. Italy-bound: Marco van Ginkel will join AC Milan on loan after finding it hard to break into Chelsea's team . Burnley are poised with a £3million bid for Bolton midfielder Mark Davies. The 26-year-old has been a target for QPR in recent seasons but he had a bad injury last year and has just returned to full fitness and form. Bolton need the money and will listen to reasonable offers. Burnley manager Sean Dyche has also made a move for Hull City midfielder George Boyd and hopes to wrap up a deal by Monday with Boyd agreeing a three-year deal. Going places: Bolton midfielder Mark Davies could seal a £3m move to Premier League new boys Burnley . Micah Richards will look to find a route out of Manchester City on Monday, with Sunderland, Fiorentina and West Ham interested in the defender. The versatile defender has been told he can leave the Etihad Stadium this summer, but his £8million asking price has proved prohibitive. But Richards' representatives are working on finding him a move away in the next 24 hours. He knows his chances of first team football at City are minimal with Pablo Zabaleta and Bacary Sagna ahead of him in the right-back pecking order. And he is keen to leave in order to reinvigorate his career. Wantaway defender: Micah Richards has become disillusioned with life at the Etihad Stadium . Crystal Palace have made the capture of a new left-back a top priority, with Tottenham's Zeki Fryers and QPR's Armand Traore under consideration. Having already taken Wilfried Zaha on loan Neil Warnock will be busy ahead of Monday night's transfer deadline. Warnock is also interested in Norwich striker Gary Hooper, who is open to leaving Norwich. Top priority: Crystal Palace boss Neil Warnock wants to add a recognised left-back to his ranks . By . Phil Gradwell for MailOnline . Follow @@GraddersOnline . Sri Lanka captain Mahela Jayawardene was carried off the pitch in Colombo on the shoulders of his team-mates as his final Test ended in victory over Pakistan. Rangana Herath took five for 57 in the second innings - and 14 wickets in the match - to propel Sri Lanka to a 105-run victory on the final morning at the Sinhalese Sports Club and send Jayawardene into Test retirement with a win. The 37-year-old ended his 149-match, 17-year Test career with 11,814 runs at an average of nearly 50, and 34 centuries. Waving goodbye: Mahela Jayawardene is carried off by his team-mates as he retires from Test cricket . Head and shoulders above: Jayawardene scored 34 Test centuries for Sri Lanka and averaged almost 50 . All smiles: Jayawardene is chaired off and holds a stump after Sri Lanka's win over Pakistan . The 54 he scored in his last innings was his 50th half century in the ultimate form of the game and he also took three slip catches. 'The decision to retire was something I have been thinking for some time and came to a point I felt that for me the right time was right,' said Jayawardene, who will play at next year's 50-over World Cup . 'It was just a gut feeling, but have I always gone with my gut feelings. 'Given the fact that we don't have Test cricket for another 12 months it's time for a new generation to take over. I will try to help that rebuilding process.' Jayawardene revealed he will also try to make room in his trophy cabinet for his Test cap which he has worn for 15 of his 17 years. Hat-trick: Jayawardene plans to put his cap, which he's worn for 15 years, in his trophy cabinet . Test debut: vs India (Colombo, 1997) Tests: 149. Runs: 11,814. Fifties: 50. Centuries: 34. 200s: 6 300s: 1 . Highest score: 374 vs South Africa in 2006 . 'It has a huge value, I have stitched it and managed to wear it for such a long time. 'It's been with me for 15 years now, the first two years we had a different cap. I think this will go in my trophy cabinet at the top.' His Sri Lanka team-mate Kumar Sangakkara tweeted: 'A legend retires. Glad we were able to give mayya a winning farewell. Amazing career amazing guy. And to rangana you're the magic man.' Pakistan started the last day on 127 for seven, facing almost inevitable defeat with only the possibility of rain giving them some hope of saving the Test. Sarfraz Ahmed followed up his century in the first innings with 55 in the second before he was caught by Kumar Sangakkara in the deep off seam bowler Chanaka Welegedara. Riaz's dismissal sealed victory for Sri Lanka, with Junaid Khan unable to bat after being hit on the head by a Dhammika Prasad bouncer in the first innings. It gave long-serving Jayawardene a fitting farewell to the five-day format and sealed a 2-0 series win. Turning the screw: Rangana Herath jumps on captain Angelo Mathews as he celebrates one of his 14 wickets . By . Joshua Gardner . PUBLISHED: . 22:05 EST, 30 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 09:29 EST, 31 January 2014 . A New Mexico town is covered in 8 to 9-foot piles of tumbleweed thanks to days of high desert winds blowing in the roaming bushes. Homeowners in Clovis say the tumbleweeds just started flowing in on Sunday like 'herds of cow' and have since buried homes and even trapped residents in their houses. Even longtime Clovis residents say they've never seen anything like it. Scroll down for video . Trapped! Tumbleweeds began blowing into Clovis, New Mexico Sunday night and the onslaught went on for days . Otherworldly: The tumbleweeds became some thick that residents began calling it an invasion . "[We] couldn't get out of the garage,' Eddie Ward told KRQE. 'We've lived here 23 years and never seen this. So it's pretty crazy. Ward and his mother were among the dumbfounded residents of Clovis who woke up Monday morning to the mountains of Salsola iberica, or Russian thistle. The noxious invader that arrived from the Eurasion steppe in the 1800's is now common weed throughout the West. Too common if you ask Lee Cassidy of Clovis. Trapped: Some people became trapped inside their homes and had to call 911 . Tumbleweeds AKA Russian Thistle AKA Salsola iberica is native not to the barren American West, but to the frigid steppe of central Asia. The tumbleweeds hitched a ride with settlers, likely landing somewhere in the Dakotas prior to the 1880s. The tenacious plant, which saps water from already parched lands and has few if any uses, quickly became ubiquitous in the central western states. The largest specimens can grow as large as a Volkswagen Beetle. Each winter when the plants dry up and die, the break off their stems and roll away with the winds to spread their nefarious seeds, hundreds of thousands of them, for miles around. 'It looked like a herd of cows coming,' she said of the invasion. 'The tumbleweeds were just rolling in.' 'We tried to get out of the house and front and back door was both covered with tumbleweeds and we couldn't get out,' Wilford Ransom said. Unsure what to do, he called 911. 'The lady asked what was the emergency and I told her we were covered with tumbleweeds,' he said. Though it sounds funny, the tumbleweeds are no laughing matter. City crews from Clovis quickly began . the Herculean task of removing the thousands of tumbleweeds that just . keep doing what they do best and rolling away. And . with each recurring bout with high desert winds, Clovis was dealt . another prickly, dead brown blow from their tumbling invaders. The . city of Clovis told KOB that workers would be around town with dump . trucks and excavators through the end of the week trying to clean up the . unprecedented mess. But that's just on public property. The city can't go into years to help rid residents of tumbleweeds. And that has many folks in Clovis fearing the nuisance nettles might be around for quite some time. The cleanup began shortly after the invasion but renewed desert winds kept sending more weeds flying into town . Herculean: The city sent out men, trucks, and heavy machinery, but the task before them was daunting . Private problem: Crews did what they could to remove the weeds from public land, but there was nothing they could do for homes inundated with the prickly plant . It was another day in nearly five years of captivity for U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, and he didn't know what the 18 Taliban fighters had in store for him Saturday. There, in the rugged mountains of eastern Afghanistan near the Pakistan border, the heavily armed fighters turned Bergdahl over to U.S. military commandos. The soldier's plight had come to an end. Within minutes he was airborne. The helicopter's rotors whooped so loudly that Bergdahl couldn't communicate clearly with the men on board. So he grabbed a paper plate and wrote three characters: "SF?" The men understood: Special Forces? The U.S. commandos didn't bother to write back. "Yes!" shouted at least one over the roar of the flight. "We've been looking for you for a long time!" Captivity . The long road to freedom began for Bergdahl with his capture on June 30, 2009, in Afghanistan's Paktika province, where he was deployed with the 25th Infantry Division. The soldier disappeared after finishing a guard shift at a combat outpost. It was about 4:30 a.m. when he was first reported missing, and by 7 a.m. his comrades began an all-out search to find him, according to secret military reports made public by WikiLeaks in 2010. But there was no sign of the soldier. According to the reports, radio conversations between suspected militants picked up by U.S. reconnaissance aircraft confirmed he had been captured. Conflicting details have since emerged about how the militants managed to capture Bergdahl. Published accounts have varied widely, from claims he walked off the post to another that he was grabbed from a latrine. U.S. officials believe he was captured by the Taliban, but may have been held by the Haqqani Network, a terror group that operates along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border. The group is aligned with the Taliban and al Qaeda. In the ensuing years, there were occasional video clips released by his captors. The so-called proof-of-life videos appeared to show the soldier gaunt and disheveled. Over time, he appeared with a beard . The U.S. government acknowledged in May 2012 that it had been engaged in direct talks with the Taliban to free Bergdahl. The Taliban, according to officials, broke off those talks. For more than year, there was no word of the soldier. Road to freedom . Then, in November 2013, the Taliban signaled it was prepared to talk, according to senior administration officials. In return, the United States asked for proof of life, they said. That proof came in December in the form of a video of Bergdahl, the first in three years. And it showed the effects years of captivity had on the soldier, who appeared haggard and unwell. With neither U.S. officials or the Taliban trusting each other, Qatari officials took on the role of intermediary. The negotiations began in earnest last week, with Qatar ferrying messages back and forth between U.S. officials and the Taliban. It culminated in Doha, with the agreement that called for the handover of Bergdahl in exchange for five detainees held at Guantanamo Bay Naval Base, the administration officials said. As Taliban fighters headed with Bergdahl toward an agreed upon meeting point in Afghanistan, on the other side of the world Qataris officials were waiting for the five detainees to be released. According to senior administration officials, the Qatari officials met the detainees on a runway at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base. How the Qataris signaled to the Taliban that the detainees were in the custody is unclear, and administration officials have not detailed the communications. Flight to freedom . It was late afternoon Saturday in Afghanistan, about 10:30 a.m. ET, when Bergdahl surrounded by 18 Taliban fighters was led to a meeting point. There, waiting, were U.S. commandos, according to the officials. In the air above, helicopter gunships circled. Slowly, Bergdahl walked toward the commandos. It is believed the soldier was searched by the commandos, who as a matter of protocol would check to make sure the Taliban had not strapped explosives on him. Within a matter of minutes, Bergdahl was aboard a helicopter bound for Bagram Air Base. On the helicopter, with the knowledge he was in the hands of Special Forces, Bergdahl broke down and cried. He was free. The men, aged 26 and 24, were in a house in Melrose Street when three men armed with a knife, hammer and batons forced their way into the property just before midnight on Saturday. After assaulting the men, the gang left with a sum of cash and personal items. They also smashed a number of windows. The men in the house received medical treatment for their injuries. Police have appealed for anyone with information to contact them. By . Lucy Buckland and Kimberley Dadds . PUBLISHED: . 14:46 EST, 24 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:21 EST, 26 February 2013 . The MailOnline exclusively revealed earlier this week that Justin Bieber's rumoured new girlfriend is British teen singer Ella-Paige Roberts Clarke. And now it's been revealed the Bay hitmaker has been pulling out all the stops to woo the pretty brunette during his current trip to the UK. Bieber reportedly impressed the 17-year-old by taking her on a date in a Rolls Royce... just a night after taking her to Justin Timberlake's BRIT Awards after-show concert. So that's the appeal: Justin Bieber reportedly wooed 17-year-old British singer Ella-Paige Roberts-Clarke by taking her on a date in a Rolls Royce earlier this week . According to the Sunday Mirror, the 18-year-old Canadian star reportedly sent a Rolls Royce round to her home to pick her up and escort her to the flashy five-star Lanesborough Hotel in London where he was staying as he readied kicking off his UK tour. Just hours after his wild tour of London clubs, including kindly giving two young women a lift home on Tuesday, Bieber was spotted taking Ella to Timberlake's BRIT Awards after-show concert. The following day the MailOnline revealed her identity as the 17-year-old ambitious singer from Norfolk who friends said was 'determined to become famous'. A source told MailOnline: 'Since she was at school she always wanted to be famous. The weird thing is she has worked so hard but just being seen with Justin Bieber is probably going to make her career.' Budding singer: Friends of Ella-Paige said they were shocked to see her with the star . Another added the pretty brunette dropped out of sixth form and has been travelling after being funded by her photographer mother. On her Twitter page Ella-Paige describes herself as a singer/songwriter/model and was obviously recognised by friends at he concert with Bieber as she tweeted today: 'Might turn off my phone for the day I am stressed.' A source, who knows Ella-Paige from Norfolk, said the 17-year-old had moved to London and spent time in LA modelling. It is unclear how the teenager met Justin, who split from long-term love Selena Gomez on December 30 but rumours the pair may have mutual friends have surfaced. A source, who went to community college in London with the model, told MailOnline Ella-Paige may have met the star through her mother who is reportedly seasoned photographer with contacts in the record industry. How did they meet? A source told MailOnline the Ella-Paige was a fiercely ambitious singer . Ella-Paige tweeted this picture earlier today after she was spotted with teen sensation Justin Bieber . Canadian Justin, 18, wore his trademark . sunglasses, cap and unusual trainers as he headed in actor/singer . Justin's after-show concert with his head down. Sources said the pair were certainly arriving together, although they were at pains not be photographed side-by-side. Ella-Paige looked like she had made much more of an effort for the evening in her all-black outfit and chic leather jacket. Justin, who is in the UK for the British leg of his tour, shunned the BRIT Awards and simply went to his old pal's concert on Wednesday evening. Just one watch today! Justin Bieber shunned the BRIT Awards and headed to the Forum in Kentish Town . Mystery woman: Sources said Justin arrived with a date - it comes just hours after he was spotted partying with two women, taking them home . Watchful eye: Justin Bieber's mother Pattie Mallette joined her son at the gig . Doting: Justin took time to meet his devoted fans as he left The Langham Hotel to head to Manchester for his gig on Thursday night . Good night, Justin? The teen heartthrob looked a little sheepish as he emerged from his hotel on Thursday morning before heading to Manchester . He rubbed shoulders with Justin's wife . Jessica Biel, 30, who spent most of her husband's concert stood up . applauding according to Twitter users. Jessica and Justin both went to the . BRITs and even managed to fit in the Sony and Belvedere after-party at . The Arts Club after performing at The Forum in Kentish Town for the gig. Giving it his all! Justin Timberlake performs at the Brit Awards after-show party, at the Forum, London . Always time to party: Justin and Jessica leave the Sony after party . Busy night! Justine performed at the BRIT Awards, then onto an after-show concert . Wrapped up: The newly-weds covered up in black overcoats, Justin in a beanie hat and scarf . Tied up: Jessica wore her hair in a high pony-tail while her husband covered his growing locks with a hat . Obviously . Baby singer Justin has got used to telling the time as on Wednesday he . was spotted with just one watch - rather than the two he had on the . night before. Newly single Kelly Brook, 33, also rubbed shoulders with celebrities at the concert, where Justin impressed fans. Bieber has been taking in the sights of London, spotted going to The Roadhouse in Covent Garden, alongside the Black Eyed Peas' will.i.am before heading to Harrods the day after. Lime and soda? Jessica carried a clear drink into the music venue . Golden touch: The Playing For Keeps star wore metallic heels on the night . Lovely and leggy: Kelly Brook looked ultra-slim as she arrived for the Sony bash in a thigh-skimming black skirt after Justin's concert . Looking lovely: Kelly showed no sign of putting on weight as she arrived at the party - despite Katie Price's slurs earlier this month . Demure: Gemma Arterton looked sophisticated in a grey trench coat and green peep-toe sandals . Justin split from long-term love . Selena Gomez late last year after reportedly clashing over the singer's . flirtations with a number of Victoria's Secret models at their annual . catwalk show in November. But even Justin's mother, Pattie Mallette, has urged the former teen sweethearts to reconcile. Tousled: Gemma's hair fell stylishly messy around her face . Suited and booted: Tom Jones and Aston Merrygold looked dapper at the gig . Group attire: The rest of JLS suited up as they checked out JT's new material . Impressive: Justin wowed the crowds at the BRITs, before going onto to do an after-show concert . Speaking to Savannah Guthrie on The Today Show, she recently said: 'You know, I just try and support whatever he's wanting. 'I . think Selena is a sweetheart, and whatever they decide is great. It's . tough letting go and letting our kids make the mistakes they need to . make.' Pattie has been . urging Justin, 18, to reconcile with the 20-year-old Spring Breakers . actress because she feels Selena is a good influence on him. Forget to post the invite? Chris Moyles carried a takeaway bag past the JT gig . Shop til you drop: Justin Bieber and Will.i.am leave Harrods, perhaps both are a fan of their expensive sandwiches? A prominent Al-Qaeda leader has been killed by French and Chadian troops in northern Mali, the President of Chad confirmed yesterday. Abdelhamid Abou Zeid, senior commander in Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM), was killed among 40 other Islamist fighters three days ago in the foothills of the Adrar des Ifoghas mountains. A U.S. official said the reports of Abou Zeid's death appear credible and that Washington . would view his death as a serious blow to Al-Qaeda's north Africa wing. Serious blow: Abou Zeid, one of the leaders of Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM), was killed by French and Chadian troops in the mountains in northern Mali . Speaking on Friday, Chadian President . Idriss Deby said his forces 'killed two jihadi leaders, including Abou . Zeid,' but did not give any further details. Algerian national Abdelhamid Abou Zeid, whose real name was Mohamed Ghadir, was one of the top three commanders in AQIM. The former smuggler turned jihadist is . believed to be behind the kidnapping of more than 20 Westerners in the area over the last five years, and is thought have executed British national Edwin Dyer in 2009. French and Chadian troops have been hunting AQIM fighters in the mountains on the border to Algeria after a lightning campaign to dislodge them from northern Mali. France's Elysee presidential palace has declined to comment on the AQIM leader, but a French army official confirmed that about 40 Islamists had been killed in heavy fighting over the last week in the mountainous Tigargara region. Fatal battle: The French President Frncois Hollande confirmed today that Abou Zeid, pictured, was 'definitely confirmed' Alleged murder: Abou Zeid is said to have been the one to execute British hostage Edwin Dyer in 2009 . The official said 1,200 French . troops, 800 Chadian soldiers and some elements of the Malian army were . still in combat to the south of Tessalit in the Adrar mountain range. Ten logistics sites and an explosives factory had been destroyed in the operation as well as 16 vehicles, she said. France launched the assault to retake Mali's vast desert north from AQIM and other Islamist rebels after a plea from Mali's government to halt the militants' drive southward. The intervention swiftly dislodged rebels from northern Mali's main towns and drove them back into the surrounding desert and mountains, particularly the Adrar des Ifoghas. After a loose alliance of Islamist . groups seized northern Mali from April last year, Abou Zeid took control . of the ancient desert trading town of Timbuktu, employing a violently . extreme form of sharia, including amputations and the destruction of . ancient Sufi shrines. Confirmed: Abou Zeid was among 40 militants killed last month in the foothills of the Adrar des Ifoghas mountains . Timbuktu . elders who dealt directly with him during the Islamist occupation . described a short man with a grey beard and a quiet, severe manner who . was never seen without an AK-47 rifle. Locals . said that when he fled Timbuktu, before the town fell to the French-led . military advance, he took several blindfolded Western hostages in his . convoy. Born in 1965 in the Debdab region of Algeria's Illizi province, close to the Libyan border, Abou Zeid joined the Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat (GSPC) during the 1990s civil war, which later transformed itself into AQIM. Abou Zeid is regarded by some as one of AQIM's radicals, unwilling to negotiate or make concessions. Canadian diplomat Robert Fowler, in an . account of his kidnapping by another Islamist cell in the Sahara, . recounted how Abou Zeid refused to give medication to two hostages . suffering from dysentery, one of whom had been stung by a scorpion. Abou Zeid is reported to have a strong rivalry with Mokhtar Belmokhtar, the mastermind of the mass hostage taking at the In Amenas gas plant in Algeria last month, due to the latter's decision to found his own brigade last year. Ex-CIA agent Tony Mendez disclosed his Parkinson's disease earlier this month alongside his wife and fellow former spy, Jonna Mendez. The Mendezes attended a Focused Ultrasound Foundation symposium in October where they broke the news of his disorder, The Washington Post reported. 'If we can fill a room, to get a bunch of people to listen, whether it’s about "Argo," whether it’s about "This is how I deal with Parkinson’s" … then this is just his latest operation,' Jonna Mendez told the newspaper. Speaking out: Tony Mendez, seen at the 2013 Oscars in this file photo, disclosed he has Parkinson's disease earlier this month . On the big screen: Ben Affleck portrayed Mendez in the 2012 movie 'Argo' Ben Affleck portrayed Mendez in the 2012 film, in a dramatized account of how the real-life CIA agent helped a group of Americans safely get out of Iran. The couple attempted to cover up his illness during the publicity blitz stemming from 'Argo,' The Washington Post reported. 'He really had trouble accepting that diagnosis,' Jonna Mendez told the newspaper. 'I think [Ben Affleck] just thought that was Tony's demeanor,' she also said. 'But Tony was never taciturn before Parkinson’s.' Tony Mendez told The Washington Post 'We got to a spot in the disease where it’s not gonna be much fun living. So out of desperation you go back to your physician and go, "What else you got?"' His condition has improved following the implantation of an electrode into his brain, The Washington Post reported. Bravery: Mendez is seen meeting President Jimmy Carter in this 1980 file photo . Escape: Mendez had a group of Americans pretend to be members of the film industry in order to get out of Iran . Meanwhile, he and his wife are interested in the potential for how Focused Ultrasound may help with Parkinson's, according to the newspaper. Jonna Mendez recently told The Times 'We were both chief of disguises at the CIA separated by ten years and, I’ve said this to Tony many times, for this Parkinson’s, I’ve been his disguise. I just tried to hide what was going on there.' She also told the newspaper 'At the Golden Globes, he was on stage with John Goodman. We practised and practised, but it was so hard. Tony muffed his line, but it was almost endearing, it was like, "Oh, he’s a real person, not a movie star who can do this in his sleep." He looked kind of cute.' Michael J. Fox reportedly reached out to Mendez at the awards ceremony and gave the former spy his phone number, according to the newspaper. Tony Mendez told The Times he was not upset with the diagnosis, saying 'No, I took an ‘it’s not happening to me’ attitude. I have used that positive thinking elsewhere in my life and I was fairly confident I could do it again. But time will tell. Everybody’s gotta croak some day.' More information on Focused Ultrasound Treatment can be found at the webpage for The Focused Ultrasound Foundation. Advocates: Both Tony Mendez and his wife Jonna Mendez worked for the CIA. Now they are working to help draw attention to Parkinson's treatments . Star: Tony Mendez appears alongside 'Argo' stars Ben Affleck and Alan Arkin (far left) and Bryan Cranston (far right) in this January 2013 file photo . Support: Michael J. Fox reportedly reached out to Mendez at the awards ceremony and gave the former spy his phone number . (CNN) -- ISIS moved closer to seizing Kobani on Sunday as militants entered the southeastern edge of the Syrian city and street-to-street fighting began, a fighter and a media activist inside the city told CNN. The city's defenders were looking for ways to escape the Kurdish stronghold strategically located near the Turkish border, the fighter said. "It's the last chance to leave," the fighter said. The fighter and media activist requested their names be withheld for security reasons. As night fell, the city grew quiet. Members of the Kurdish People's Protection Unit, called YPG, and other groups defending the city were unable to move because ISIS snipers were equipped with night vision equipment, the fighter said. The fighter said many city defenders close to the Turkish border attempted to cross into Turkey, while other fighters closer to ISIS positions were waiting until the morning to make a move. The importance of Kobani . ISIS has been trying to seize Kobani for weeks. The city is significant because ISIS wants to claim a swath of land running from its self-declared capital of Raqqa, Syria, on the Euphrates River to the Turkish border, more than 60 miles away. On Sunday, ISIS fighters overpowered Kurdish forces to take the top and the eastern side of Meshta Nour, the strategic hill overlooking Kobani, said the sources, who both requested their names be withheld for security reasons. A civilian source inside Kobani said there have been heavy clashes on all fronts around Kobani. He said ISIS forces had been moved back from a small corner of the city they'd held for two days. The YPG said in a statement that 86 "terrorists" were killed during a 24-hour period and 17 YPG members died. On Sunday, smoke billowed over Kobani as ISIS sent bombs into the middle of town. U.S., allies stage airstrikes . Kobani is now tightly surrounded in a crescent from the Aleppo road on the southwestern outskirts of the city all the way to the eastern edge of Kobani, near the Turkish border, the fighter and media activist said. ISIS is making inroads despite airstrikes by U.S. and allied forces, including Sunday's strikes on the eastern outskirts of the city. The YPG destroyed an ISIS tank in the east of Kobani near Kane Kordan, a large mound on the eastern of the city, the civilian source said. ISIS fighters are now about about one kilometer south on the Aleppo road, the civilian source said. Turkish security force throw teargas . Conflict occurred outside Kobani when Turkish security forces fired tear gas canisters at Kurds gathered near the border to watch the fighting from afar, CNN's Phil Black reported. Black said the security forces fired the tear gas when the crowds became restive or moved too close to the border. At least three canisters struck a CNN van, he said. Nobody was badly hurt and the crowds dispersed. Pakistani Talilban supports ISIS . ISIS picked up support when Pakistani Taliban spokesperson Shahidullah Shahid issued a statement backing ISIS. "The Muslims of the world look to you with great expectation and in this difficult time we your mujahidin brothers are with you and will provide you with fighters and help," the statement said. Meanwhile, U.S. and allied military forces conducted three airstrikes against ISIS in Syria and six airstrikes in Iraq on Saturday and Sunday, U.S. Central Command reported. In Syria, one strike northwest of Al Mayadin destroyed an ISIS bulldozer, two tanks and another vehicle, the military said. Two strikes northwest of Ar Raqqah hit a large ISIS unit and destroyed six firing positions. In Iraq, four strikes northeast of Fallujah struck two mortar teams, a large ISIS unit and two small ISIS units, the military said. Three ISIS Humvees were destroyed with strikes near Hit and Sinjar. Australians complete first air mission . Australia has completed its first air combat mission over Iraq, the government announced Sunday in a press release. Two Royal Australian Air Force F/A-18F Super Hornet aircraft conducted an air interdiction and close air support mission over northern Iraq and were on-call to attack targets if needed, the release said. The aircraft did not use their munitions and returned to base to disarm, the release said. CNN's Ingrid Formanek in Turkey and Yousif Basil in Atlanta contributed to this report. By . Miles Goslett . PUBLISHED: . 18:46 EST, 8 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 07:54 EST, 9 September 2012 . Tory Chris Heaton-Harris received £11,750 of Olympics-related gifts . Our attention may have been focused on the athletes, but it seems competition was also fierce among politicians during the Olympics. MPs were handed thousands of pounds worth of free London 2012 tickets and hospitality thanks to the generosity of private sponsors. According to the Commons register of MPs' financial interests, Tory Chris Heaton-Harris topped the chart after accepting £11,750 of gifts. The former Euro MP and three family members attended swimming, diving and gymnastics events as well as the Closing Ceremony courtesy of Coca-Cola, which met the bill in full. In second place was John Stevenson, the Tory MP for Carlisle, who received two tickets to unspecified events, plus hospitality, worth £5,500, from Nestle. The bronze medal was shared between Labour MPs Sir Stuart Bell and former minister Hugh Bayley, who both declared tickets and hospitality worth £4,500. Sir Stuart, the Middlesbrough MP who came under fire last year for failing to hold a constituency surgery for 14 years, declared 'one Category B ticket and hospitality' worth £4,500 from French oil firm Total, which allowed him to watch the Opening Ceremony. York MP Mr Bayley received a ticket to an athletics event on August 6, plus hospitality, worth £4,500 from Nestle. Keith Vaz, left, attended the opening ceremony courtesy of steel firm ArcelorMittal and Sir Stuart Bell, right, claimed £4,500 from French oil firm Total . Labour MP Keith Vaz, chairman of the Home Affairs Select Committee, attended the Opening Ceremony with his wife courtesy of steel firm ArcelorMittal. In the register, he claimed that no value for the gift was provided to him. A spokesman for the Taxpayers' Alliance pressure group said: 'Many people failed to get Olympics tickets so the idea that MPs waltzed into events free of charge is bound to cause anger. 'MPs should be careful about what corporate hospitality they accept and they should declare every penny of it.' Many members of the public failed to get any tickets for the Olympic spectacle . Sebastian Coe is upset that football knocked the Games off the back pages . Lord Coe criticised newspapers yesterday for 'resorting to type' by allowing England's football triumph over lowly Moldova on Friday to bump the Paralympics off the back pages. Most papers led their sports coverage with reports of England's 5-0 victory in the opening match of the World Cup qualifying campaign. It came on a relatively barren day for Team GB, with Josie Pearson's victory in the discus Britain's only gold. Her success came nine years after breaking her neck in a car accident, and the 26-year-old set three world records on her way to claiming the title. Lord Coe said the press could help maintain the profile of Paralympic sport after the Games, and he criticised 'the speed with which we reverted to back-page leads for England-Moldova'. He added: 'That relegation happened too quickly. We [the Paralympics Committee] could not have done more in the past seven years to move this on. It now sits in a large part with you guys. 'The speed with which we resorted to type was maybe not a great sign.' U.S. astronaut Nick Hague, member of the main crew to the International Space Station (ISS), waves to his sons from a bus prior to the launch of Soyuz-FG rocket at the Russian leased Baikonur cosmodrome,... (Associated Press) U.S. astronaut Nick Hague, member of the main crew to the International Space Station (ISS), waves to his sons from a bus prior to the launch of Soyuz-FG rocket at the Russian leased Baikonur cosmodrome, Kazakhstan, Thursday, Oct. 11, 2018. (AP Photo/Dmitri Lovetsky, Pool) (Associated Press) BAIKONUR, Kazakhstan (AP) — The problem came two minutes into the flight: The rocket carrying an American and a Russian to the International Space Station failed Thursday, triggering an emergency that sent their capsule into a steep, harrowing fall back to Earth. The crew landed safely on the steppes of Kazakhstan, but the aborted mission dealt another blow to the troubled Russian space program that currently serves as the only link to deliver astronauts to the orbiting outpost. NASA astronaut Nick Hague and Roscosmos' Alexei Ovchinin had a brief period of weightlessness when the capsule separated from the malfunctioning Soyuz rocket at an altitude of about 50 kilometers (31 miles), then endured gravitational forces of 6-7 times more than is felt on Earth as they came down at a sharper-than-normal angle. About a half-hour later, the capsule parachuted onto a barren area about 20 kilometers (12 miles) east of the city of Dzhezkazgan in Kazakhstan. "Thank God the crew is alive," said Dmitry Peskov, the spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin. He added that Putin received regular updates. New NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine, who watched the launch at the Russian-leased Baikonur cosmodrome along with his Russian counterpart, said Hague and Ovchinin were in good condition. He added that a "thorough investigation into the cause of the incident will be conducted." All Russian manned launches will be suspended pending an investigation into the cause of the failure, said Deputy Prime Minister Yuri Borisov. Hague, 43, and Ovchinin, 47, lifted off as scheduled at 2:40 p.m. (0840 GMT; 4:40 a.m. EDT) from Baikonur. The astronauts were to dock at the space station six hours after the launch and join an American, a Russian and a German on board. But the three-stage Soyuz booster suffered an unspecified failure of its second stage two minutes after launch. Russian news reports indicated that one of its four first-stage engines might have failed to jettison in sync with others, resulting in the second stage's shutdown and activating the automatic emergency rescue system. Search and rescue teams were immediately scrambled to recover the crew, and paratroopers were dropped from a plane to reach the site quickly. Dzhezkazgan is about 450 kilometers (280 miles) northeast of Baikonur, and spacecraft returning from the space station normally land in that region. The astronauts were flown by helicopter to Dzhezkazgan, where they underwent a medical checkup and then taken by plane to Baikonur for more checks and to see their families. They will spend the night in Baikonur before being flown to Star City, Russia's space training center outside Moscow. It was to be the first space mission for Hague, who joined NASA's astronaut corps in 2013. Ovchinin spent six months on the orbiting outpost in 2016. Oleg Orlov, the head of Russia's main space medicine center, said the higher-than-usual gravity load posed no threat to the astronauts, who have been trained to endure high g-forces. During the launch, astronauts wear spacesuits and are tightly strapped into their customs-made seats helping withstand the G-forces. Flight controllers kept the three space station residents abreast of the situation after Thursday's aborted launch. "The boys have landed," Mission Control assured the space station crew. "Glad our friends are fine," space station commander Alexander Gerst, a European Space Agency astronaut from Germany, tweeted from orbit. "Spaceflight is hard. And we must keep trying for the benefit of humankind." There was no immediate word on whether the space station crew might need to extend its own six-month mission. Two spacewalks planned for later this month were off indefinitely. Hague was supposed to be one of the spacewalkers. NASA said it's dusting off its plans for operating the space station without a crew, just in case the Russian investigation drags into next year. Kenny Todd, a space station manager, said from Houston that the three-member space station crew can stay on board until January. That's just a month beyond their expected mid-December return. Their Soyuz capsule is good for about 200 days in orbit. If the Soyuz rocket remains grounded until it's time for the astronauts to come home, flight controllers could operate the orbiting lab without anyone on board, Todd said. The space station could operate like that indefinitely, barring a major equipment failure, he added. But it will need to be staffed before SpaceX or Boeing launches its new crew capsules next year, Todd said. Given that the space station is a $100 billion asset, Todd says it needs to have someone on board for the arrival of the commercial demo missions, for safety reasons. While the Russian space program has been dogged by a string of launch failures and other mishaps in recent years, Thursday's incident marked the program's first manned launch failure since September 1983, when a Soyuz exploded on the launch pad. Borisov said Russia will fully share all relevant information with the U.S., which pays up to $82 million per ride to the space station. "I hope that the American side will treat it with understanding," he said. "We will naturally provide them with all the necessary information about what caused the failure." Earlier this week, NASA's Bridenstine emphasized that collaboration with Russia's Roscosmos remains important. Relations between Moscow and Washington have sunk to post-Cold War lows over conflicts in Ukraine and Syria, and allegations of Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. presidential vote, but they have maintained cooperation in space research. The Russian Soyuz spacecraft is currently the only vehicle for ferrying crews to the space station following the retirement of the U.S. space shuttle fleet. Russia stands to lose that monopoly in the coming years with the arrival of SpaceX's Dragon and Boeing's Starliner crew capsules. The last time the Russian space program had a manned launch failure was in 1983. Soviet cosmonauts Vladimir Titov and Gennady Strekalov jettisoned and landed safely near the launch pad after the Soyuz explosion. "It's an unpleasant situation," Titov told the Tass news agency Thursday. "We went through it, and it was very bad." He added that it will take about a week for the crew to fully recover. In 1975, the failure of a Soyuz upper stage sent Vasily Lazarev and Oleg Makarov into a fiery fall to Earth from an altitude of 190 kilometers, subjecting them to enormous gravity loads that caused them to black out and temporarily lose eyesight. They landed on a snowy mountain slope and spent two nights shivering in the cold before rescue crews reached them. Russia has continued to rely on Soviet-designed booster rockets for commercial satellites, as well as crews and cargo to the space station. While Russian rockets had earned a reputation for reliability in the past, launch failures in recent years has called into doubt Russia's ability to maintain the same high standards of manufacturing. Glitches found in Russia's Proton and Soyuz rockets in 2016 were traced to manufacturing flaws. Roscosmos sent more than 70 rocket engines back to production lines to replace faulty components, a move that resulted in a yearlong break in Proton launches and badly dented Russia's niche in the global market for commercial satellite launches. In August, the space station crew spotted a hole in a Russian Soyuz capsule docked to the orbiting outpost that caused a brief loss of air pressure before being patched. Roscosmos chief Dmitry Rogozin has raised wide concern by saying that the leak was a drill hole that was made intentionally during manufacturing or in orbit. He didn't say if he suspected any of the station's crew. ___ Isachenkov reported from Moscow. Associated Press writer Jim Heintz in Moscow and Marcia Dunn in Cape Canaveral contributed. ___ This version was corrected to say that there currently are three astronauts on the space station. ||||| The SpaceX Dragon cargo craft had its stay extended at the International Space Station a few more days. Mission managers observed inclement weather at Dragon’s splashdown site in the Pacific Ocean and decided against Dragon’s return to Earth today. Meanwhile, Dragon’s hatch remains open and the Expedition 58 crew is tending to time-sensitive experiments targeted for return and analysis back on Earth. The Canadarm2 robotic arm has the Dragon firmly in its grips while the cargo vehicle is still attached to the Harmony module. Robotics controllers will command the Canadarm2 to uninstall Dragon from Harmony on Saturday afternoon then slowly maneuver the U.S. space freighter to its release position. The Canadarm2 will then be commanded to release Dragon Sunday at 3:36 a.m. EST as astronaut Anne McClain monitors from the cupola. NASA TV will broadcast the departure live without commentary starting Sunday at 3:15 a.m. Today, the three space station residents are back on science and maintenance duties with Dragon poised for a weekend departure. McClain of NASA is checking out and preserving the space research meant for return inside Dragon. Flight Engineer David Saint-Jacques of the Canadian Space Agency assisted McClain first thing Thursday morning. He then moved on to the Vascular Echo study scanning his leg’s femoral artery with an ultrasound device to understand how living in space affects the cardiovascular system. Cosmonaut Oleg Kononenko explored ways to improve piloting techniques in space and participated in a psychological assessment. The four-time station resident also maintained Russian life support systems aboard the orbital lab. Back on Earth, NASA and SpaceX are continuing to work on the activities leading toward the Demo-1, uncrewed flight test to the International Space Station. NASA and SpaceX are now targeting no earlier than February for the launch of Demo-1 to complete hardware testing and joint reviews. NASA and SpaceX will confirm a new target date after coordination with the Eastern Range and the International Space Station Program. ||||| Focused crawls are collections of frequently-updated webcrawl data from narrow (as opposed to broad or wide) web crawls, often focused on a single domain or subdomain. ||||| Johannesburg, South Africa (CNN) -- Exiled Haitian president Jean-Bertrand Aristide has announced that he is ready to return home to help rebuild his earthquake-shattered country. The former president has been living in South Africa since fleeing Haiti during a violent uprising in 2004. Aristide told reporters gathered at a hotel near Johannesburg's international airport that he is ready to return from exile as soon as today. "To symbolize our readiness we have decided to meet not just anywhere but here in the shadow of the Oliver Tambo International airport," he said. "As far as we are concerned we are ready to leave today, tomorrow, at any time to join the people of Haiti, to share in their suffering, help rebuild the country moving from misery to poverty with dignity." Get the latest developments in Haiti . A massive international rescue operation is under way to treat the thousands of survivors trapped and injured by a 7.0 magnitude earthquake that shook the country on Tuesday. Aristide said he and his wife were planning to fly to Haiti with friends who were ferrying emergency medical supplies to the country. Impact Your World . It is not clear whether Aristide has sought formal permission from the Haitian government to return. He refused to answer questions from the media. Analysts say Aristide's arrival back in the country after six years could aggravate an already tense political situation. "If he goes back to Haiti it will be a massive blow to the fragile political stability at the moment," said Irenea Renuncio-Mateos, Latin American and Caribbean country analyst for IHS Global Insight. Aid groups: Catastrophic situation looms . Aristide is a controversial figure in Haiti. A former priest, his left-wing views appealed to the poorest of the poor, many of whom have called for his return in recent years amid increasing discontent with the current government. Once coalition partners, the political divide between Aristide and President Rene Preval has widened. Aristide's party Fanmi Lavalas is one of 15 that have been banned from contesting legislative elections to be held in February. Irenea Renuncio-Mateos said it remains to be seen whether Haitians welcome Aristide's return as their "savior," or whether they turn to the United States and the international community to pull the country from turmoil. "An important factor is that the U.N.-led mission in Haiti has been encountering problems on the ground in the past because people have been hostile to foreign presence on the ground," she said. "If Aristide makes it to Haiti, what is going to be the impact? Is it going to cause protests?" The former leader has a long and tumultuous relationship with Haiti, one of the world's poorest countries. He became its first freely elected president in December 1990 before being ejected from office just one year later in a military coup. He was returned to power in 1994 after a peace agreement brokered by then-President Bill Clinton, backed by U.S. troops to restore order. After another change of leadership in 1995, Aristide took office again in November 2000 in a vote blighted by an opposition boycott and claims of fraud. The deep unrest led to looting and violence that eventually forced Aristide into exile in 2004. During his presidency, Aristide lost the support of the United States and angered France with his calls for reparations for huge sums of money paid to the country for its independence. President Rene Preval came to power for the second time in February 2006. He has the backing of the U.S. government. During a 30-minute phone call on Friday, President Obama "pledged the full support of the American people for the government and people of Haiti." President Preval in turn expressed his appreciation for the U.S. response to the earthquake. It is more than likely that the return of a political foe with the power to divide the country will not be similarly received. CNN's Nkepile Mabuse contributed to this report. By . Francesca Infante . PUBLISHED: . 12:28 EST, 4 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:37 EST, 4 June 2013 . 'Prodded patient's breasts': Healthcare worker . Akousa Sakyiwaa is one of three accused of abusing . elderly dementia patients at Whipps Cross Hospital . A ‘violent’ nursing assistant put a . sheet over a dementia patient’s head and told her she was ‘the dead one’ during a campaign of abuse, a court heard yesterday. Akousa . Sakyiwaa, 38, had already prodded 87-year-old Joan Mussett’s breasts . and told her, ‘I’m young and my breasts are better than yours’, it is . alleged. When Miss Mussett . complained, Sakyiwaa pulled the bed clothes over the elderly woman’s . head and reportedly said: ‘See, you’re the dead one.’ John . McNally, prosecuting, said the health care assistant appeared ‘to have . the confidence to ridicule the idea that anything would happen to her’, . and accused her of acting ‘towards patients not as people but as things, . there to inconvenience her’. He added: ‘The proper role of a carer was apparently alien to her.’ Sakyiwaa . is one of three carers accused of abusing dementia patients at Whipps . Cross Hospital in Leytonstone, east London. Together with Annette . Jackson, 33, and Sharmila Gunda, 36, Sakyiwaa is charged with 14 counts . of neglect and ill-treatment and two counts of assault against 11 . patients in their care. The . patients they treated on the now-closed Beech Ward were described to the . jury at Snaresbrook Crown Court as ‘vulnerable’ and ‘elderly’ ladies, . many of whom suffered from dementia. Mr . McNally described the incident in which Sakyiwaa first ‘wobbled’ her . patient’s breasts before comparing them to her own and taunted her by . wrapping her in a bed sheet when she complained. In another incident, . Mr . McNally told how Sakyiwaa told the ‘chatty’ and ‘happy’ Miss Mussett to . ‘shut up’ because she ‘talked too much’. When she continued to mumble, Sakyiwaa grabbed her patient’s mouth and held it physically shut. Sakyiwaa . is also charged with ill-treating Louise Hodges, 92, calling her ‘lazy’ for not moving herself to the toilet and then slapping her bottom when . changing her soiled bed clothes as punishment. When . Miss Hodges complained to her on another occasion, saying ‘You nearly . choked me’, Sakyiwaa’s response was, ‘Yeah, I should have.’ Jackson . is charged with five counts of ill-treatment of her patients, including . waking patient Kathleen Cavannagh by shouting ‘wakey, wakey, Grandma’ and smacking her in the side of her head with an incontinence pad. The . shocking behaviour of the three women came to light when they were . reported by a student nurse who was appalled by what she saw on the ward . during an eight-week placement in spring 2012, the court heard. Fragile . women were allegedly pulled into and out of beds by their gowns, and on . more than one occasion were slapped or ‘whacked’ for resisting. Co-defendants: Sharmila Gunda (left) faces two counts of ill treatment and one of assault by beating against three patient and Annette Jackson (right) faces five counts of ill treatment against five different patients . Giving . evidence yesterday, Lucy Brown said she was ‘speechless’ at what she . saw and that she ‘tried not to think’ about what was happening on the . ward. Miss Brown recalled one occasion when Sakyiwaa grabbed and . painfully twisted 92-year-old Lily Oliver’s arthritic knee. She . said: ‘She was really pale and quiet and she looked at me but I looked . away because I felt so bad, I couldn’t make eye contact with her.’ The incidents are alleged to have taken place from February 27 to April 30 last year on Beech Ward at Whipps Cross Hospital in east London . John McNally, prosecuting, told the jury at Snaresbrook Crown Court that the three women were responsible for looking after elderly female patients with various physical and mental conditions including dementia . Paul . Webb, defending Sakyiwaa, put to Miss Brown that the behaviour was . simply the actions of busy staff working in difficult conditions. But . Miss Brown said: ‘I have witnessed abuse . . . you cannot smack a . patient.’ Sakyiwaa, Jackson and Gunda deny all the charges against them. The trial continues. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons. Political data gathered on more than 198 million US citizens was exposed this month after a marketing firm contracted by the Republican National Committee stored internal documents on a publicly accessible Amazon server. The data leak contains a wealth of personal information on roughly 61 percent of the US population. Along with home addresses, birthdates, and phone numbers, the records include advanced sentiment analyses used by political groups to predict where individual voters fall on hot-button issues such as gun ownership, stem cell research, and the right to abortion, as well as suspected religious affiliation and ethnicity. The data was amassed from a variety of sources—from the banned subreddit r/fatpeoplehate to American Crossroads, the super PAC co-founded by former White House strategist Karl Rove. Advertisement Deep Root Analytics, a conservative data firm that identifies audiences for political ads, confirmed ownership of the data to Gizmodo on Friday. UpGuard cyber risk analyst Chris Vickery discovered Deep Root’s data online last week. More than a terabyte was stored on the cloud server without the protection of a password and could be accessed by anyone who found the URL. Many of the files did not originate at Deep Root, but are instead the aggregate of outside data firms and Republican super PACs, shedding light onto the increasingly advanced data ecosystem that helped propel President Donald Trump’s slim margins in key swing states. Although files possessed by Deep Root would be typical in any campaign, Republican or Democratic, experts say its exposure in a single open database raises significant privacy concerns. “This is valuable for people who have nefarious purposes,” Joseph Lorenzo Hall, the chief technologist at the Center for Democracy and Technology, said of the data. Advertisement “This is valuable for people who have nefarious purposes.” The RNC paid Deep Root $983,000 last year, according to Federal Election Commission reports, but its server contained records from a variety of other conservative sources paid millions more, including The Data Trust (also known as GOP Data Trust), the Republican party’s primary voter file provider. Data Trust received over $6.7 million from the RNC during the 2016 cycle, according to OpenSecrets.org, and its president, Johnny DeStefano, now serves as Trump’s director of presidential personnel. The Koch brothers’ political group Americans for Prosperity, which had a data-swapping agreement with Data Trust during the 2016 election cycle, contributed heavily to the exposed files, as did the market research firm TargetPoint, whose co-founder previously served as director of Mitt Romney’s strategy team. (The Koch brothers also subsidized a data company known as i360, which began exchanging voter files with Data Trust in 2014.) Furthermore, the files provided by Rove’s American Crossroads contain strategic voter data used to target, among others, disaffected Democrats and undecideds in Nevada, New Hampshire, Ohio, and other key battleground states. Advertisement Deep Root further obtained hundreds of files (at least) from The Kantar Group, a leading media and market research company with offices in New York, Beijing, Moscow, and more than a hundred other cities on six continents. Each file offers rich details about political ads—estimated cost, audience demographics, reach, and more—by and about figures and groups spanning the political spectrum. There are files on the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, Planned Parenthood, and the American Civil Liberties Union, as well as files on every 2016 presidential candidate, Republicans included. What’s more, the Kantar files each contain video links to related political ads stored on Kantar’s servers. Advertisement Spreadsheets acquired from TargetPoint, which partnered with Deep Root and GOP Data Trust during the 2016 election, include the home addresses, birthdates, and party affiliations of nearly 200 million registered voters in the 2008 and 2012 presidential elections, as well as some 2016 voters. TargetPoint’s data seeks to resolve questions about where individual voters stand on dozens of political issues. For example: Is the voter eco-friendly? Do they favor lowering taxes? Do they believe the Democrats should stand up to Trump? Do they agree with Trump’s “America First” economic stance? Pharmaceutical companies do great damage: Agree or Disagree? The details of voters’ likely preferences for issues like stem cell research and gun control were likely drawn from a variety of sources according to a Democratic strategist who spoke with Gizmodo. “Data like that would be a combination of polling data, real world data from door-knocking and phone-calling and other canvassing activities, coupled with modeling using the data we already have to extrapolate what the voters we don’t know about would think,” the strategist said. “The campaigns that do it right combine all the available data together to make the most robust model for every single voter in the target universe.” Advertisement “We take full responsibility for this situation.” In a statement, Deep Root founder Alex Lundry told Gizmodo, “We take full responsibility for this situation.” He said the data included proprietary information as well as publicly available voter data provided by state government officials. “Since this event has come to our attention, we have updated the access settings and put protocols in place to prevent further access,” Lundry said. Deep Root’s data was exposed after the company updated its security settings on June 1, Lundry said. Deep Root has retained Stroz Friedberg, a cybersecurity and digital forensics firm, to investigate. “Based on the information we have gathered thus far, we do not believe that our systems have been hacked,” Lundry added. Advertisement So far, Deep Root doesn’t believe its proprietary data was accessed by any malicious third parties during the 12 days that the data was exposed on the open web. Deep Root’s server was discovered by UpGuard’s Vickery on the night of June 12 as he was searching for data publicly accessible on Amazon’s cloud service. He used the same process last month to detect sensitive files tied to a US Defense Department project and exposed by an employee of a top defense contractor. This is not the first leak of voter files uncovered by Vickery, who told Gizmodo that he was alarmed over how the data was apparently being used—some states, for instance, prohibit the commercial use of voter records. Moreover, it was not immediately clear to whom the data belonged. “It was decided that law enforcement should be contacted before attempting any contact with the entity responsible,” said Vickery, who reported that the server was secured two days later on June 14. Advertisement A web of data firms funnel research into campaigns Deep Root’s data sheds light onto the increasingly sophisticated data operation that has fed recent Republican campaigns and lays bare the intricate network of political organizations, PACs, and analysis firms that trade in bulk voter data. In an email to Gizmodo, Deep Root said that its voter models are used to enhance the understanding of TV viewership for political ad buyers. “The data accessed was not built for or used by any specific client,” Lundry said. “It is our proprietary analysis to help inform local television ad buying.” However, the presence of data on the server from several political organizations, including TargetPoint and Data Trust, suggests that it was used for Republican political campaigns. Deep Root also works primarily with GOP customers (although similar vendors, such as NationBuilder, service the Democrats as well). Advertisement Deep Root is one of three data firms hired by the Republican National Committee in the run-up to the 2016 presidential election. Founded by Lundry, a data scientist on the Jeb Bush and Mitt Romney campaigns, the firm was one of three analytics teams that worked on the Trump campaign following the party’s national convention in the summer of 2016. Lundry’s work brought him into Trump’s campaign war room, according to a post-election AdAge article that charted the GOP’s 2016 data efforts. Deep Root was hand-picked by the RNC’s then-chief of staff, Katie Walsh, in September of last year and joined two other data shops—TargetPoint Consulting and Causeway Solutions—in the effort to win Trump the presidency. Walsh, who now works for the nonprofit America First Policies after a brief stint in the White House, oversaw Trump’s data operation in partnership with Brad Parscale, Trump’s digital director. (Parscale did not respond to a request for comment before press time. Attempts to reach Walsh for comment were also unsuccessful.) Walsh and Parscale focused their efforts on three categories of voters, AdAge reports: voters who might be predisposed to support Trump, Republican voters who were uncertain about Trump, and voters that were leaning toward Hillary Clinton but could be persuaded by Trump’s message of changing up government-as-usual. Advertisement To appeal to the three crucial categories, it appears that Trump’s team relied on voter data provided by Data Trust. Complete voter rolls for 2008 and 2012, as well as partial 2016 voter rolls for Florida and Ohio, apparently compiled by Data Trust are contained in the dataset exposed by Deep Root. Data Trust acquires voter rolls from state officials and then standardizes the voter data to create a clean, manageable record of all registered US voters, a source familiar with the firm’s operations told Gizmodo. Voter data itself is public record and therefore not particularly sensitive, the source added, but the tools Data Trust uses to standardize that data are considered proprietary. That data is then provided to political clients, including analytics firms like Deep Root. While Data Trust requires its clients to protect the data, it has to take clients at their word that industry-standard encryption and security protocols are in place. Advertisement TargetPoint and Causeway, the two firms employed by the RNC in addition to Deep Root, apparently layered their own analytics atop the information provided by Data Trust. TargetPoint conducted thousands of surveys per week in 22 states, according to AdAge, gauging voter sentiment on a variety of topics. While Causeway helped manage the data, Deep Root used it to perfect its TV advertising targets—producing voter turnout estimates by county and using that intelligence to target its ad buys. A source with years of experience working on political campaign data operations told Gizmodo that the data exposed by Deep Root appeared to be customized for the RNC and had apparently been used to create models for turnout and voter preferences. Metadata in the files suggested that the database wasn’t Deep Root’s working copy, but rather a post-election version of its data, the source said, adding that it was somewhat surprising the files hadn’t been discarded. Because the data from the 2008 and 2012 elections is outdated—the source compared it to the kind of address and phone data one could find on a “lousy internet lookup site”—it’s not very valuable. Even the 2016 data is quickly becoming stale. “This is a proprietary dataset based on a mix of public records, data from commercial providers, and a variety of predictive models of uncertain provenance and quality,” the source said, adding: “Undoubtedly it took millions of dollars to produce.” Advertisement Although basic voter information is public record, Deep Root’s dataset contains a swirl of proprietary information from the RNC’s data firms. Many of the filenames indicate that they potentially contain market research on Democratic candidates and the independent expenditure committees that support them. (Up to two terabytes of data contained on the server was protected by permission settings.) One exposed folder is labeled “Exxon-Mobile” [sic] and contains spreadsheets apparently used to predict which voters support the oil and gas industry. Divided by state, the files include the voters’ names and addresses, along with a unique RNC identification number assigned to every US citizen registered to vote. Each row indicates where voters likely fall on issues of interest to ExxonMobil, the country’s biggest natural gas producer. The data evaluates, for example, whether or not a specific voter believes drilling for fossil fuels is vital to US security. It also predicts if the voter thinks the US should be moving away from fossil-fuel use. The ExxonMobil “national score” document alone contains data on 182,746,897 Americans spread across 19 fields. Advertisement Reddit analysis Some of the data included in Deep Root’s dataset veers into downright bizarre territory. A folder titled simply ‘reddit’ houses 170 GBs of data apparently scraped from several subreddits, including the controversial r/fatpeoplehate that was home to a community of people who posted pictures of people and mocked them for their weight before it was banned from Reddit’s platform in 2015. Other subreddits that appear to have been scraped by Deep Root or a partner organization focused on more benign topics, like mountain biking and the Spanish language. Advertisement The Reddit data could’ve been used as training data for an artificial intelligence algorithm focused on natural language processing, or it might have been harvested as part of an effort to match up Reddit users with their voter registration records. During the 2012 election cycle, Barack Obama’s campaign data team relied on information gleaned from Facebook profiles and matched profiles to voter records. During the 2016 election season, Reddit played host to a legion of Trump supporters who gathered in subreddits like r/The_Donald to comb through leaked Democratic National Committee emails and craft pro-Trump memes. Trump himself participated in an “Ask Me Anything” session on r/The_Donald during his campaign. Given how active some Trump supporters are on Reddit—r/The_Donald currently boasts more than 430,000 members—it makes sense that Trump’s data team might be interested in analyzing data from the site. Advertisement A FiveThirtyEight analysis that looked at where r/The_Donald members spend their time when they’re not talking politics might shed some light onto why Deep Root collected r/fatpeoplehate data. FiveThirtyEight found that, when Redditors weren’t commenting in political subreddits, they most often frequented r/fatpeoplehate. It’s possible that Deep Root intended to use data from r/fatpeoplehate to build a more comprehensive profile of Trump voters. (Lundry declined to comment beyond his initial statement on any of information included in the Deep Root dataset.) Advertisement However, FiveThirtyEight’s investigation doesn’t account for Deep Root’s collection of data from mountain-biking and Spanish-speaking subreddits that weren’t as popular with r/The_Donald members—and data from these subreddits that are not so closely linked to Trump’s diehard supporters might be more useful for his campaign’s goal of pursuing swing voters. “My guess is that they were scraping Reddit posts to match to the voter file as another input for individual modeling,” a source familiar with campaign data operations told Gizmodo. “Given the number of random forums, my guess is they started with a list of accounts to scrape from, rather than scraping from all forums then trying to match from there (in which case you’d start with the political ones).” Matching voter records with Reddit usernames would be complicated and any large-scale effort would likely result in many inaccuracies, the source said. However, campaigns have attempted to match voter files with social media profiles in the past. Such an effort by Deep Root wouldn’t be entirely surprising, and would likely yield rich data on the small portion of users it was able to match with their voter profiles, the source explained. Advertisement Data exposes sensitive voter info The Deep Root incident represents the largest known leak of Americans’ voter records, outstripping past exposures by several million records. Five voter-file leaks over the past 18 months exposed between 350,000 and 191 million files, some of which paired voter data—name, race, gender, birthdate, address, phone number, party affiliation, etc.—with email accounts, social media profiles, and records of gun ownership. “I can think of no avenues for punishing political data breaches or otherwise properly aligning the incentives.” Advertisement Campaigns and the data analysis firms they employ are a particularly weak point for data exposure, security experts say. Corporations that don’t properly secure customer data can face significant financial repercussions—just ask Target or Yahoo. But because campaigns are short-term operations, there’s not much incentive for them to take data security seriously, and valuable data is often left out to rust after an election. “Campaigns are very narrowly focused. They are shoestring operations, even presidential campaigns. So they don’t think of this as an asset they need to protect,” the Center for Democracy and Technology’s Hall told Gizmodo. Even though voter rolls are public record and are easy to access—Ohio, for instance, makes its voter rolls available to download online—their exposure can still be harmful. Advertisement Voter registration records include ZIP codes, birthdates, and other personal information that have been crucial in research efforts to re-identify anonymous medical data. Latanya Sweeney, a professor of government and technology at Harvard University, famously used voter data to re-identify Massachusetts Governor William Weld from information in anonymous hospital discharge records. Because of the personal information they contain, voter registration databases can also be useful in identity theft schemes. Even though exposure of Deep Root’s data has the potential to harm voters, it’s exactly the kind of data that campaigns lust after and will spend millions of dollars to obtain. Campaigns are motivated to accumulate as much deeply personal information about voters as possible, so they can spend their ad dollars in the right swing districts where they’re likely to sway the greatest number of voters. But voter data rapidly goes stale and campaigns close up shop quickly, so data is seen as disposable and often isn’t well-protected. Advertisement “I can think of no avenues for punishing political data breaches or otherwise properly aligning the incentives. I worry that if there’s no way to punish campaigns for leaking this stuff, it’s going to continue to happen until something bad happens,” Hall said. The data left behind by campaigns can pose a lingering security issue, he added. “None of these motherfuckers were ever Boy Scouts or Girl Scouts, they don’t pack out what they pack in.” [UpGuard] ||||| A data analytics contractor employed by the Republican National Committee (RNC) left databases containing information on nearly 200 million potential voters exposed to the internet without security, allowing anyone who knew where to look to download it without a password. "We take full responsibility for this situation," said the contractor, Deep Root Analytics, in a statement. The databases were part of 25 terabytes of files contained in an Amazon cloud account that could be browsed without logging in. The account was discovered by researcher Chris Vickery of the security firm UpGuard. The files have since been secured. ADVERTISEMENT Vickery is a prominent researcher in uncovering improperly secured files online. But, he said, this exposure is of a magnitude he has never seen before "In terms of the disc space used, this is the biggest exposure I've found. In terms of the scope and depth, this is the biggest one I've found," said Vickery. The accessible files, according to UpGuard, contain a main 198 million-entry database with names, addresses of voters and an "RNC ID" that can be used with other exposed files to research individuals. For example, a 50-gigabyte file of "Post Elect 2016" information, last updated in mid-January, contained modeled data about a voter's likely positions on 46 different issues ranging from "how likely it is the individual voted for Obama in 2012, whether they agree with the Trump foreign policy of 'America First' and how likely they are to be concerned with auto manufacturing as an issue, among others." That file appears in a folder titled "target_point," an apparent reference to another firm contracted by the RNC to crunch data. UpGuard speculates that the folder may imply that the firm TargetPoint compiled and shared the data with Deep Root. Another folder appears to reference Data Trust, another contracted firm. UpGuard analyst Dan O'Sullivan looked himself up in the database and writes in the official report that the calculated preferences were, at least for him, right on the money. "It is a testament both to their talents, and to the real danger of this exposure, that the results were astoundingly accurate," he said. The Deep Root Analytics cloud server had 25 terabytes of data exposed, including 1.1 terabytes available for download. Over the 2016 election season, the RNC was a major client of Deep Root, one of a handful firms it contacted for big data analysis. Firms like Deep Root Analytics use data from a variety of sources to extrapolate social and political preferences of voters to determine how best to market to them. According to Ad Age, the RNC spent $983,000 between January 2015 and November 2016 for Deep Root's services and $4.2 million for TargetPoint's. "Deep Root Analytics builds voter models to help enhance advertiser understanding of TV viewership. The data accessed was not built for or used by any specific client. It is our proprietary analysis to help inform local television ad buying," said Deep Root Analytics in their statement. Misconfigured cloud servers and online databases are a common way for data to be accidentally left exposed to the public. Vickery has found everything from military engineering plans to databases of believed terrorists in exactly this way. What is uncommon in this case is the size and scope of this exposure. If its records are accurate, the Deep Root Analytics exposure contains information on more than half of the American population. It dwarfs the second-largest exposure of voter information — 93.4 million records of Mexican citizens — by more than 100 million voters and tops the largest data breach of voter information — 55 million records of Philippine voters — by more than 140 million. Anyone who knew the files' web address could have accessed them. But without that knowledge, they are much harder to find. Even armed with a search for unsecured databases, finding exposures of any magnitude is tough work. Vickery sifts through a large number of unsecured databases to find ones that interesting enough to publish research. Deep Root has contracted the security firm Stroz Friedberg to perform a thorough investigation of the exposure. The exposure, between June 1 and June 14, was sealed shut shortly after Vickery made the discovery during the night of June 12 and notified relevant regulatory bodies. ||||| While this blog post provides a description of a data exposure discovery involving Deep Root Analytics and the Republican National Committee (RNC) this is no longer an active data breach. As soon as Deep Root Analytics was notified of this publicly exposed information, immediate action was taken, securing the database and preventing further access. In what is the largest known data exposure of its kind, UpGuard’s Cyber Risk Team can now confirm that a misconfigured database containing the sensitive personal details of over 198 million American voters was left exposed to the internet by a firm working on behalf of the Republican National Committee (RNC) in their efforts to elect Donald Trump. The data, which was stored in a publicly accessible cloud server owned by Republican data firm Deep Root Analytics, included 1.1 terabytes of entirely unsecured personal information compiled by DRA and at least two other Republican contractors, TargetPoint Consulting, Inc. and Data Trust. In total, the personal information of potentially near all of America’s 200 million registered voters was exposed, including names, dates of birth, home addresses, phone numbers, and voter registration details, as well as data described as “modeled” voter ethnicities and religions. This disclosure dwarfs previous breaches of electoral data in Mexico (also discovered by Vickery) and the Philippines by well over 100 million more affected individuals, exposing the personal information of over sixty-one percent of the entire US population. The data exposure provides insight into the inner workings of the Republican National Committee’s $100 million data operation for the 2016 presidential election, an undertaking of monumental scope and painstaking detail launched in the wake of Mitt Romney’s loss in 2012. Deep Root Analytics, TargetPoint, and Data Trust—all Republican data firms—were among the RNC-hired outfits working as the core of the Trump campaign’s 2016 general election data team, relied upon in the GOP effort to influence potential voters and accurately predict their behavior. The RNC data repository would ultimately acquire roughly 9.5 billion data points regarding three out of every five Americans, scoring 198 million potential US voters on their likely political preferences using advanced algorithmic modeling across forty-eight different categories. Spreadsheets containing this accumulated data—last updated around the January 2017 presidential inauguration—constitute a treasure trove of political data and modeled preferences used by the Trump campaign. This data was also exposed in the misconfigured database and had been for an unknown period of time. UpGuard’s discovery — of perhaps the largest known exposure of voter information in history—is corroborated by technical evidence, as well as by the public statements of the responsible firms and political staffers. The Discovery In the early evening of June 12th, UpGuard Cyber Risk Analyst Chris Vickery discovered an open cloud repository while searching for misconfigured data sources on behalf of the Cyber Risk Team, a research unit of UpGuard devoted to finding, securing, and raising public awareness of such exposures. The data repository, an Amazon Web Services S3 bucket, lacked any protection against access. As such, anyone with an internet connection could have accessed the Republican data operation used to power Donald Trump’s presidential victory, simply by navigating to a six-character Amazon subdomain: “dra-dw”. Upon inspection of the contents, “dra-dw” is shown to stand for “Deep Root Analytics Data Warehouse.” The concept of a “data warehouse” is common in modern business— essentially, it is a massive collection of data prepared specifically for complex analysis. Deep Root Analytics confirmed they owned and operated the dra-dw bucket, which was subsequently secured against public access the night of June 14th, shortly after Vickery notified federal authorities. In total, 1.1 terabytes of data in the warehouse—an amount roughly equivalent to 500 hours worth of video—was fully downloadable. Among these files were clear indications of the repository’s political importance, with file directories named for a number of high-powered and influential Republican political organizations. As such, the exposed Deep Root Analytics warehouse contained a remarkable amount of fully accessible data. Yet this was not all. An additional 24 terabytes of data was stored in the warehouse, but had been configured to prevent public access. Ultimately, the amount of data stored in the misconfigured database was equivalent in size to about 10 billion pages of text. Less clear was the significance of intriguing but inaccessible files, such as one titled “for_strategy_xroads_updated_FINAL” - which may refer in some capacity to American Crossroads, the Super PAC co-founded by former George W. Bush adviser Karl Rove that was very active in 2016 electoral financing. Also found was a large cache of Reddit posts, saved as text: It would ultimately take days, from June 12th to June 14th, for Vickery to download 1.1 TB of publicly accessible files, which included two critical directories titled “data_trust” and “target_point.” The Operation Deep Root Analytics, the Republican data firm which created and maintained the exposed data warehouse, was co-founded in 2013 by Alex Lundry, a Republican campaign data scientist who had served as data director in Mitt Romney’s unsuccessful 2012 presidential campaign. The company bills itself as “the most experienced group of targeters in Republican politics,” offering media analytics services to corporations, lobbying groups, and GOP political campaigns seeking to reach specific target demographics. Deep Root claims to be able to more effectively reach these desired demographics by “microtargeting” using big data analytics, allowing clients to make better-informed decisions when purchasing advertising. It was a pedigree that would earn Lundry a position as “Chief Analytics Officer” with the 2016 Republican presidential campaign of former Florida Governor Jeb Bush. While Bush would fail to win the nomination even after assembling a well-credentialed data team, Trump would have the inverse problem, winning the nomination without having created a robust data operation within his campaign. Following the formal conclusion of GOP primary season in July 2016 with Trump’s nomination, the RNC would move quickly in coordinating their data team’s efforts with those of the Trump campaign in the upcoming general election fight against Hillary Clinton. In order to win the election, the RNC would need to draw heavily upon the resources of several private firms specializing in data analytics. Among these private consultancies was Data Trust, a Washington-based firm that claims to “continually develop a Republican and conservative data ecosystem through voter file collection, development, and enhancement.” Data Trust, “the GOP’s exclusive data provider,” was created by the RNC in 2011, per National Review, “to shoulder the cost of building and managing the GOP’s voter file”—its repository of detailed voter information crucial to any successful electoral advertising and get-out-the-vote efforts. As reported by Slate, Data Trust operates as a private-sector satellite of the RNC—“a hybrid, a private company that party bosses built but can’t formally run.” Within the Deep Root Analytics database, the folder “data_trust” appears to contain nothing less than the full fruits of this RNC/Data Trust effort to house as comprehensive and detailed a repository of potential 2016 voter information. Within “data_trust” are two massive stores of personal information collectively representing up to 198 million potential voters. Consisting primarily of two file repositories, a 256 GB folder for the 2008 presidential election and a 233 GB folder for 2012, each containing fifty-one files - one for every state, as well as the District of Columbia. Each file, formatted as a comma separated value (.csv), lists an internal, 32-character alphanumeric “RNC ID”—such as, for example, 530C2598-6EF4-4A56-9A7X-2FCA466FX2E2—used to uniquely identify every potential voter in the database. These RNC IDS uniquely link disparate data sets together, combining dozens of sensitive and personally identifying data points, making it possible to piece together a striking amount of detail on individual Americans specified by name. Both Vickery and this reporter looked themselves up in these spreadsheets, confirming that the files contained accurate and sensitive personal information. Listed here are the .csv categories: "RNCID", "RNC_RegID", "State", "SOURCEID", "Juriscode", "Jurisname", "CountyFIPS", "MCD", "CNTY", "Town", "Ward", "Precinct", "Ballotbox", "PrecinctName", "CD_Current", "CD_NextElection", "SD_Current", "SDProper_Current", "SD_NextElection", "SDProper_NextElection", "LD_Current", "LDS_Current", "LDProper_Current", "LD_NextElection", "LDS_NextElection", "LDProper_NextElection", "NamePrefix", "FirstName", "MiddleName", "LastName", "NameSuffix", "Sex", "BirthYear", "BirthMonth", "BirthDay", "OfficialParty", "StateCalcParty", "RNCCalcParty", "StateVoterID", "JurisdictionVoterID", "AffidavitID", "LegacyID", "LastActiveDate", "RegistrationDate", "VoterStatus", "PermAbs", "SelfReportedDemographic", "ModeledEthnicity", "ModeledReligion", "ModeledEthnicGroup", "HHSEQ", "HTSEQ", "RegistrationAddr1", "RegistrationAddr2", "RegHouseNum", "RegHouseSfx", "RegStPrefix", "RegStName", "RegStType", "RegstPost", "RegUnitType", "RegUnitNumber", "RegCity", "RegSta", "RegZip5", "RegZip4", "RegLatitude", "RegLongitude", "RegGeocodeLevel", "RADR_LastCleanse", "RADR_LastGeoCode", "RADR_LastCOA", "ChangeOfAddress", "COADate", "COAType", "MailingAddr1", "MailingAddr2", "MailHouseNum", "MailHouseSfx", "MailStPrefix", "MailStName", "MailStType", "MailStPost", "MailUnitType", "MailUnitNumber", "MailCity", "MailSta", "MailZip5", "MailZip4", "MailSortCodeRoute", "MailDeliveryPt", "MailDeliveryPtChkDigit", "MailLineOfTravel", "MailLineOfTravelOrder", "MailDPVStatus", "MADR_LastCleanse", "MADR_LastCOA", "AreaCode", "TelephoneNUm", "TelSourceCode", "TelMatchLevel", "TelReliability", "FTC_DoNotCall", "PhoneAppendDate", "VH12G", "VH12P", "VH12PP", "VH11G", "VH11P", "VH10G", "VH10P", "VH09G", "VH09P", "VH08G", "VH08P", "VH08PP", "VH07G", "VH07P", "VH06G", "VH06P", "VH05G", "VH05P", "VH04G", "VH04P", "VH04PP", "VH03G", "VH03P", "VH02G", "VH02P", "MT10_Party", "MT10_GenericBallot", "MT10_Turnout", "MT10_ObamaDisapproval", "MT10_Jobs", "MT10_Healthcare", "MT10_SoCo", "PG01", "PG02", "PG03", "PG04", "PG05", "PG06", "PG07", "PG08", "PG09", "PG10", "PG11", "PG12", "PG13", "PG14", "PG15", "PG16", "PG17", "PG18", "PG19", "PG20", "PG21", "PG22", "PG23", "PG24", "PG25", "PG26", "PG27", "PG28", "PG29", "PG30", "PG31", "PG32", "PG33", "PG34", "PG35", "PG36", "PG37", "PG38", "PG39" Starting with the potential voter’s first and last names—limiting even the barest possibility of the data sets masking the identities of those described—the files go on to list a great deal more data, including the voter’s date of birth, home and mailing addresses, phone number, registered party, self-reported racial demographic, voter registration status, and even whether they are on the federal “Do Not Call” list. Also included as data fields are the “modeled ethnicity” and “modeled religion” of the potential voter—particularly sensitive personal details that have historically been a source of controversy for data collection. While not every field is populated for each individual, if the answer is known, it appears to have been included. A smaller folder for the 2016 election was also included in the database, but unlike the 2008 and 2012 folders, only included .csv files for Ohio and Florida - arguably the two most crucial battleground states. The entire “data_trust” folder, it bears repeating, was entirely downloadable by any individual accessing the URL of the database. This exposure of the personal information of millions of Americans was not, perhaps, the most damaging pool of data exposed. To understand its significance, additional context is necessary. The RNC’s multiyear effort in building a world-class data operation would come to employ Deep Root Analytics in a partnership with other data firms to do for the RNC what Obama’s data team had done for the Democrats, as reported by Ad Age in a detailed post-election profile of the RNC data operation: “In this case, the people doing most of the data modeling and voter scoring – especially for field operations, voter contact and television advertising -- were from a collective of three data firms hired by the RNC: TargetPoint Consulting, Causeway Solutions, and Deep Root Analytics, which officially worked with the RNC through a new subsidiary called Needle Drop.” RNC payments to two of the firms mentioned in the database totaled over $5 million, as also reported by Ad Age: Between January 2015 and November 2016, the RNC paid TargetPoint $4.2 million for data services, and gave Causeway around $500,000 in that time, according to Federal Election Commission reports. Deep Root, acting as Needle Drop, was paid $983,000 by the RNC. Needle Drop principal TargetPoint Consulting—where Deep Root Analytics founder Alex Lundry was employed as “Chief Data Scientist” from 2005 to 2015—is referenced in the database with a folder titled “target_point.” TargetPoint, a GOP-aligned, Alexandria, Virginia-based “full service market research and knowledge management firm,” specializes in microtargeting key demographics on behalf of corporate and political clients—a tactic they claim to have pioneered “after President George W. Bush deployed our services for his successful 2004 campaign.” TargetPoint is a trusted and well-established authority on data operations within conservative political circles, having worked in the past on Rudy Giuliani’s 2008 presidential bid, the 2008 McCain/Palin campaign, and the National Republican Senatorial Committee’s reelection efforts. TargetPoint founder Alexander Gage, a former polling and market researcher, explained to the Washington Post in 2007 his philosophy of data analytics while serving as presidential candidate Mitt Romney’s Director of Strategy: “‘Microtargeting is trying to unravel your political DNA,’ [Gage] said. ‘The more information I have about you, the better.’ The more information [Gage] has, the better he can group people into "target clusters" with names such as ‘Flag and Family Republicans’ or ‘Tax and Terrorism Moderates.’ Once a person is defined, finding the right message from the campaign becomes fairly simple.” While it may be better for data firms like TargetPoint to stockpile your most sensitive personal information, for the 198 million Americans whose sensitive identifying details and potential political inclinations were compiled on a public-facing cloud server lacking any security barriers, the view may be different. The contents of the “target_point” folder were even more intrusive than those of the Data Trust repository, if less obviously intimidating at first glance: fourteen files saved in the Alteryx Database format (.yxdb), a file format designed specifically for large-scale data analysis. Most of the files were last updated in mid to late-January 2017, with several labeled as “Contact File,” with different dates signifying when they were updated. Contained within these “Contact File” spreadsheets are the aforementioned 32-character alphanumeric RNC IDs for 198 million potential American voters, as well as the corresponding names and addresses of the voters. The clear linkage between every RNC ID and the name and identifying personal details of all 198 million people ensures all data using the RNC ID as an identifier can be tied back to the person’s real name. The remaining files provide a rare glimpse into a systematic large-scale analytics operation being performed using a massive repository of 198 million potential voters, combining personal details, backgrounds, and political behavior to, paraphrasing Gage, “unravel their political DNA”. The result is a database of grand scope and scale, collecting the modeled personal and political preferences of most of the country—adding up to an unsecured political treasure trove of data which was free to download online. The file dates and names indicate the other files largely concern post-election data analytics conducted in the run-up to and around Trump’s inauguration on January 20th, 2017. Some of the files align with public statements by RNC and TargetPoint officials about the kind of targeted analysis performed over the course of the campaign. A file titled “DRA Post Elect 2016 Reluctant DJT scores 1-6-17.yxdb,” for example, contains 69 million rows, and is illustrative of the kind of post-election analysis in the repository executed by the GOP data team. The likelihood of this analysis as a product of the RNC data team is corroborated by public disclosures in the press of similar microtargeting, such as TargetPoint’s analysis of "’DJT Underperform’ voters, or Republicans still unconvinced about supporting Mr. Trump.” In the 50 GB file titled “DRA Post Elect 2016 All Scores 1-12-17.yxdb,” each potential voter is scored with a decimal fraction between zero and one across forty-six columns. Each of the fields under each of the forty-six columns signifies the potential voter’s modeled likelihood of supporting the policy, political candidate, or belief listed at the top of the column, with zero indicating very unlikely, and one indicating very likely. RNC_RegID, State, 2012ObamaVoter_DRA_12_16, 2012RomneyVoter_DRA_12_16, 2016ClintonVoter_DRA_12_16, 2016TrumpVoter_DRA_12_16, AmericaFirstForeignPolicy_agree_DRA_12_16 AmericaFirstForeignPolicy_disagree_DRA_12_16 AutoCompaniesShipJobsOverseas_agree_DRA_12_16 AutoCompaniesShipJobsOverseas_disagree_DRA_12_16 CorpReputs_AmericanMakers_DRA_12_16, CorpReputs_DailyLives_DRA_12_16, CorpReputs_Egalitarians_DRA_12_16, CorpReputs_EnviroConscious_DRA_12_16, CorpReputs_OpportunitySeekers_DRA_12_16, CorpReputs_STEMSupporters_DRA_12_16, CorpReputs_SupplyChainers_DRA_12_16, CorpReputs_Unifers_DRA_12_16, DemLeadersStandUpToTrump_DRA_12_16, DemLeadersWorkWithTrump_DRA_12_16, DParty_DRA_12_16, FinancialServicesHarmful_agree_DRA_12_16 FinancialServicesHarmful_disagree_DRA_12_16 FinServicesCompany_Dreamers_DRA_12_16 FinServicesCompany_RiskMitigators_DRA_12_16 FossilFuelsImportantForUSEnergySecurity_DRA_12_16 FossilFuelsNeedToMoveAwayFrom_DRA_12_16, InvestInfrastructure_agree_DRA_12_16, InvestInfrastructure_disagree_DRA_12_16, LowerTaxes_agree_DRA_12_16, LowerTaxes_disagree_DRA_12_16, NonReluctantDJTVoter_DRA_12_16, NonReluctantHRCVoter_DRA_12_16, PharmaCompsDoGreatDamage_agree_DRA_12_16, PharmaCompsDoGreatDamage_disagree_DRA_12_16, ReformGovtRegulations_agree_DRA_12_16, ReformGovtRegulations_disagree_DRA_12_16, ReluctantDJT_Above.5_DRA_12_16, ReluctantHRCVoter_DRA_12_16, RepealObamacare_agree_DRA_12_16, RepealObamacare_disagree_DRA_12_16 RParty_DRA_12_16, StopIllegalImmigration_agree_DRA_12_16, StopIllegalImmigration_disagree_DRA_12_16, TrumpStandUpToDems_DRA_12_16, TrumpWorkWithDems_DRA_12_16, USAFinancialSituation_Optimistic_DRA_12_16, USAFinancialSituation_Pessimistic_DRA_12_16 Calculated for 198 million potential voters, this adds up to a spreadsheet of 9.5 billion modeled probabilities, for questions ranging from how likely it is the individual voted for Obama in 2012, to whether they agree with the Trump foreign policy of “America First,” to how likely they are to be concerned with auto manufacturing as an issue, among others. The spreadsheet is an impressive deployment of analytical might. However, while each potential voter is signified by their 32-character RNC internal ID, it is a one-step process to determine the real name associated with the modeled policy preferences, as the aforementioned “Contact File” also exposed in the database links the RNC ID to the potential voter’s actual identity. This reporter was able, after determining his RNC ID, to view his modeled policy preferences and political actions as calculated by TargetPoint. It is a testament both to their talents, and to the real danger of this exposure, that the results were astoundingly accurate. The Significance This exposure raises significant questions about the privacy and security Americans can expect for their most privileged information. It also comes at a time when the integrity of the US electoral process has been tested by a series of cyber assaults against state voter databases, sparking concern that cyber risk could increasingly pose a threat to our most important democratic and governmental institutions. That such an enormous national database could be created and hosted online, missing even the simplest of protections against the data being publicly accessible, is troubling. The ability to collect such information and store it insecurely further calls into question the responsibilities owed by private corporations and political campaigns to those citizens targeted by increasingly high-powered data analytics operations. What is beyond debate in 2017 is the increasing inability to trust in the integrity of information technology systems, particularly at scale. As reliance on technology increases, so too grows the cyber risk surface; as more and more functions of life migrate onto digital platforms, more and more functions of life invite cyber risk. Beyond the almost limitless criminal applications of the exposed data for purposes of identity theft, fraud, and resale on the black market, the heft of the data and analytical power of the modeling could be applied to even more ambitious efforts - corporate marketing, spam, advanced political targeting. Any of these potential misuses of private information can be prevented, provided stakeholders obey a few simple precepts in collecting and storing data. The fundamental problems which exposed this data are not rare, uncommon, or consigned to one side of the partisan divide; indeed, while those responsible for this exposure are of one party, the 198 million Americans affected span the entire political spectrum, their information revealed regardless of their political beliefs. The same factors that have resulted in thousands of previous data breaches—forgotten databases, third-party vendor risks, inappropriate permissions—combined with the RNC campaign operation to create a nearly unprecedented data breach. Despite the breadth of this breach, it will doubtlessly be topped in the future—to a likely far more damaging effect—if the ethos of cyber resilience across all platforms does not become the common language of all internet-facing systems. ||||| Ashwell Prince has insisted he does not consider Andrew Gale’s curse-laden tirade against him during the recent Roses match to have been racist. Gale, the Yorkshire captain, is alleged to have told Lancashire’s Prince to ‘f*** off back to your own country, you Kolpak f*****’ – a reference to the South African’s status as a non-overseas player – and has since been charged with using racist language by the ECB. But Prince, who denied provoking the altercation on the third evening of the match earlier this month, said he was offended only at the manner in which Gale spoke to him. He added that Gale was reported to the ECB by the umpires – and not by him. Yorkshire captain Andrew Gale has become the first county cricketer to be accused of using racial language . Andrew Gale's celebrations were cut short by accusations that he had racially abused Ashwell Prince . Prince’s comments – which were made in answer to a question about whether he considered ‘Kolpak’ to be a term of racial abuse – will be welcomed by Yorkshire, who have stood by their captain following the incident. Prince said: ‘I took offence to the way he spoke to me, that’s the bottom line,’ Prince told Ballz Radio in South Africa. ‘The way the guy approached me and spoke to me – that’s what I took offence to. I didn’t stand there and think, “That may be a racial slur”. ‘What happened was the guy walked towards me and had a go at me and I defended myself. If the ECB feels there’s racial connotations to it, that’s up to them to do whatever they want to do. It’s gone all out of control at the moment. ‘People are calling me a cry baby, but at the end of the day I want to clear it up. I didn’t report this guy to the ECB, the umpires did.’ The newly crowned champions immediately vowed to fight to clear the name of their captain Gale . ST. PAUL, Minnesota (CNN) -- John McCain vowed Thursday to "shake up Washington" and said he's prepared to reach across the aisle to get the country "back on the road to prosperity and peace." "We need to change the way government does almost everything," he told the Republican National Convention. "Fight with me. Fight for what's right for our country. Fight for the ideals and character of a free people." He said his running mate, Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin, is "just the right partner" to help lead the change. "She's tackled tough problems like energy independence and corruption," he said. "She stands up for what's right and she doesn't let anyone tell her to sit down." Watch "We're going to win this election" » . He added, "Let me offer an advance warning to the old, big-spending, do-nothing, me-first, country-second Washington crowd: Change is coming." Change is a centerpiece of Democratic rival Barack Obama's campaign. iReport.com: "McCain sealed the deal" McCain contrasted himself with Obama on a couple occasions, while offering a bipartisan tone. "There are big differences between us. But you have my respect and admiration. Despite our differences, much more unites us than divides us. We are fellow Americans," said McCain, a senator from Arizona. He said there would be Democrats and independents in a McCain presidential administration. Watch a Democrat call McCain's speech 'underwhelming' » . "Let's use the best ideas from both sides. Instead of fighting over who gets the credit, let's try sharing it," he said. He also scolded the Republican Party, saying some members "gave in to the temptations of corruption. We lost their trust when rather than reform government, both parties made it bigger." See photos of McCain center stage at the GOP » . McCain touched on a number of issues that would appeal to the GOP's conservative base, saying, "we believe in a strong defense, work, faith, service, a culture of life, personal responsibility, the rule of law and judges who dispense justice impartially and don't legislate from the bench." Obama campaign spokesman Bill Burton blasted McCain, saying he "talked about bipartisanship, but didn't mention that he's been a Bush partisan 90 percent of the time, that he's run a Karl Rove campaign, and that he wants to continue this president's disastrous economic and foreign policies for another four years." "With John McCain, it's more of the same," Burton said. In a speech before a giant screen showing an American flag waving against a blue background, McCain talked about the economy and education and promised to put the people first. "I understand who I work for. I don't work for a party. I don't work for a special interest. I don't work for myself. I work for you," he said, to cheers from the crowd. McCain portrayed himself as a fighter, saying he tackled corruption and big spenders, regardless of which party they came from. Watch "change is coming" » . "I've fought to get million-dollar checks out of our elections. I've fought lobbyists who stole from Indian tribes. I fought crooked deals in the Pentagon. I fought tobacco companies and trial lawyers, drug companies and union bosses." McCain vowed to embark on the "most ambitious national project in decades" through a bold energy plan that would produce more energy within the United States. "We are going to stop sending $700 billion a year to countries that don't like us very much," he said, drawing some of the loudest cheers of the night. He contrasted his aims with those of his opponent, who, he said, would raise taxes and institute a health care system that would force "small businesses to cut jobs, reduce wages and force families into a government run health care system where a bureaucrat stands between you and your doctor." McCain referred to the 5½ years he spent as a prisoner of war in Vietnam, explaining that the experience changed his life. "I fell in love with my country when I was a prisoner in someone else's," he said. "I wasn't my own man anymore. I was my country's." His remarks on Iraq were brief, reminding delegates that he fought for the "right strategy and more troops ... when it wasn't a popular thing to do." Obama has said he would have U.S. combat troops out of Iraq by 2010. McCain was interrupted at least once by protesters from the anti-war group Code Pink, who were shouted down by delegates chanting "USA." The protesters were removed from the hall. Watch protester disrupt speech » . The nominee weighed in, telling the crowd not to be distracted "by the static. ... Americans want us to stop yelling at each other." If he defeats Obama in November, McCain, 72, will become the oldest person ever to be elected to a first term in the White House. During his speech, McCain hailed President Bush "for leading us in those dark days following the worst attack on American soil in our history, and keeping us safe from another attack many thought was inevitable." Delegates gave the speech rave reviews. "He is the only man that can lead this country in the time that we're in now," said Will Barfoot of Montgomery, Alabama. Karen Bonadio of California added, "I'm so fired up." McCain was preceded by his wife, Cindy, who described her husband as a leader with a "sense of history and a clear view of the future." "I was taught Americans can look at the world and ask either, what do other countries think of us? Or we can look at ourselves and ask, what would our forefathers make of us, and what will our children say of us?" she said. iReport.com: Share your reaction to the convention speeches . "That's a big challenge. In living up to it, we know the security and prosperity of our nation is about a lot more than just politics." She then said McCain has "shown the value of self-sacrifice by daily example." "His courageous service to America in war and peace leaves no doubt what our forefathers would make of him." As she spoke, delegates held up "We Love Cindy" signs. "You can trust his hand at the wheel. But you know what, I've always thought it's a good idea to have a woman's hand on the wheel as well," she said to loud cheers. "So, how about Gov. Sarah Palin!" Republicans nominated the Alaska governor Thursday to be their vice presidential candidate, making her the first woman to run for the office as a Republican. South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham praised McCain's character, saying he is leading the nation to victory in Iraq by his unflinching support for the surge. Watch Graham say the surge is working » . "We know the surge has worked," Graham said. "The only people who deny it are Barack Obama and his buddies at MoveOn.org. Why won't they admit it? "Because Barack Obama's campaign is built around us losing in Iraq." Graham said it was McCain's insistence on the surge, when thousands more U.S. combat troops were deployed in Iraq in January 2007, that "stopped Congress from losing this war." "Don't get me wrong. I'm not saying Barack Obama doesn't care. I'm just saying he doesn't get it," he said, echoing Obama's dig at McCain during Obama's acceptance speech last week. "The surge was a test for Barack Obama. He failed miserably. Our troops deserve a commander in chief who acknowledges their success, has walked in their shoes, speaks their language, shares their sufferings and will lead them to victory in a war we cannot afford to lose. "That person is my dear friend John McCain." Watch Graham on Obama: "He doesn't get it" » . Graham is one of McCain's closest friends in Congress. Another close friend, former Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Ridge, said McCain has "unique qualifications for the presidency." "I speak to you about a warrior who has sometimes stood alone ... and always shown the way," he said. Palin was nominated earlier Thursday on a voice vote that Sen. Mitch McConnell recognized as unanimous approval, prompting chants of "Sarah! Sarah!" As governor of Alaska, Palin has won praise for backing tough ethical standards for politicians. During the first legislative session after her election, her administration passed a state ethics law overhaul. Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman said in nominating Palin that she had the leadership skills "born out of experience, hardship, disappointment and success." "She's a hockey mom -- a hunter, a hard-hitting reformer -- and quite frankly, she's not afraid to raise a little hell amidst the Washington elite. Which is just what America needs!" Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty then took the stage and warmed up the crowd for the GOP presidential nominee. He said McCain "understands the concerns of everyday Americans like you and me." "John McCain connects with Sam's Club voters. He gets it," Pawlenty said. Overnight, crews transformed the stage at the Xcel Energy Center in St. Paul, Minnesota, so delegates would surround McCain while he addressed the convention. The change was done to make the speech feel more like the town hall-style meetings the Republican presidential nominee is known for, aides said. CNN's Dana Bash contributed to this report. By . Rob Waugh . They stare into the camera with wide-eyed innocence. But it will not be long before these cute kittens grow into powerful predators. Two young wildcats, named Brave and Merida after the Disney characters, were born at the animal park at Kincraig run by the Royal Zoological Society of Scotland. Their arrival came as it emerged that as few as 400 of Scotland's wildcats survive in the wild, as the species is under threat from inter-breeding. One of two wildcat kittens named Brave and Merida at Highland Wildlife Park, near Aviemore. resesearchers now say there may be just 35 left in the wild. Experts have issued a fresh warning over the future of the Scottish wildcat . DNA hope: A genetic test is currently under development which, if successful, will show definitively whether individual cats are pure-bred wildcats or hybrids . The new study found that wildcat numbers may have been overestimated . However, a new . DNA test is offering hope that the species might survive. The test, . which could be ready by Christmas, could identify which cats are . pure-bred, and which are hybrid and pave the way for a breeding programme which could save the species. It would allow for the testing of cats . both in captivity and in the wild and for measures to be taken to . protect those pure-bred wildcats that remained from being hybridised . into extinction. The current official estimate of 400 . Scottish wildcats remaining in the wild is an informed guess; the . worst-case scenario ‘that there is none’ is a genuine possibility. Douglas Richardson, animal collections . manager at the Highland Wildlife Park, said: ‘We get our knickers in a . twist because the Indians aren’t doing all they can to protect their . tigers, or the Kenyans their black rhinos, but it’s OK for us to let . this one slip through the net? I don’t think so. Last of its kind? With just 400 thought to remain in the wild and those under threat from inter-breeding these could be some of last pictures of Scotlands wildcats . The animals are one of the big attractions at the park in Kincraig, which is run by the Royal Zoological Society of Scotland . ‘Here we have this iconic emblem of the Highlands and if we don’t get our finger out, it will become extinct, guaranteed.’ Wildcats are the only remaining large mammal predator and the only surviving cat native to Britain. Persecution and deforestation . contributed to a drop in numbers during the 18th and 19th centuries, but . although suitable habitat has increased again, their numbers have . continued to dwindle, due partly to disease and road accidents, but . mainly to interbreeding with domestic cats. Douglas said: ‘If you let dogs run feral, people would be up in arms for a very good reason. Cats? They think it’s all right. ‘We don’t want to stop anyone having . cats, but we want to shut off the taps of more animals going to live a . feral existence and cross-breeding with wildcats.’ At risk: The test, which could be ready by Christmas, would pave the way for further, much-needed wildcat conservation work . One of the two new kittens born at the wildlife park . The kittens stalk around their mother as they enjoy the sunshine at the Highland Wildlife Park . By . Associated Press . PUBLISHED: . 12:28 EST, 20 July 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 12:49 EST, 20 July 2012 . Is it time to trade polished sheaths and all-business suits for lace gowns and tweed jodhpurs? Mad Men, with its influential Sixties style, was overlooked for an Emmy Award nomination on Thursday for costume design for the first time in its five-year run. And while fans expressed shock about the snub, the fashion world has already embraced another nominee: Downton Abbey. Snubbed: Despite the impact of the mid-Sixties looks in the latest season of Mad Men, worn to great effect by Jessica Pare as Megan Draper (pictured), the series failed to get an Emmy costume design nomination . Style with substance: From 'Fat Betty' (left) to Peggy Olsen's more senior position and eventual departure from Sterling-Cooper-Draper-Pryce (right), the costumes in Mad Men's fifth series told the story of each character . Episodes of Boardwalk Empire, The Borgias, Game of Thrones and Once Upon a Time also received nominations, but the likelihood of the masses finding their closets influenced by medieval Italians or mythical adventurers seems slim. The British aristocracy of the early 1900s featured in Downton Abbey, however, is already making its mark. Recognition: Downton Abbey, starring Dan Stevens as Matthew Crawley (left) and Zoe Boyle as Lavinia Swire (right), was given an Emmy nomination for costume design . Inspired: Ralph Lauren took heavy inspiration form Downton Abbey for his fall 2012 collection, even sending models down the catwalk to the hit PBS show's theme music . Ralph Lauren paid homage to the show in . the preview of his fall collection earlier this year, with models . walking down the runway to the soundtrack. Expect more glamorous and embellished looks inspired by the show to take over store racks over the next few weeks, says Brooke Jaffe, director of fashion accessories at Bloomingdale's. 'There is a return to opulence,' Jaffe says. Stylist George Kotsiopolous, co-host for E!'s Fashion Police, noted that gentlemanly looks, for men and women, come from the Downton Abbey pre-World War I period. Historically accurate: The attention to detail in the outfits for Boardwalk Empire, starring Steve Buscemi (left) and Kelly Macdonald (right), won the HBO series an Emmy costume design nomination too . 'Designers are influenced by the same things as stylists: movies, TV, music, art - whatever is the zeitgeist,' he says. Costume party: The designs for Game of Thrones won the series an Emmy nomination . For the past few years, it had been the . chic, sophisticated Mad Men look that dominated the fashion . conversation, and the show had a wildfire ability to turn back the clock . on contemporary style to embrace the clean, refined lines of the early . 1960s. Countless designers, including Michael Kors and Peter Som, cited its influence, and Banana Republic launched a Mad Men-branded collection. 'The shape had been the same for a while - the shaped waist, the va-va-voom look,' Kostiopolous says. When it became common from Mad Men, he says, 'it becomes less interesting to fashion people.' He doesn't think the look will go away altogether, though. 'Women looked good in the Fifties and Sixties because the clothes were universally flattering, and any guy looks great in a suit.' John Dunn, Costume Designer; Lisa Padovani, Co-Costume Designer; Maria Zamansky, Assistant Costume Designer . Susannah Buxton, Costume Designer . Gabriella Pescucci, Costume Designer; Uliva Pizzetti, Costume Supervisor . Michele Clapton, Costume Designer; Alexander Fordham, Assistant Costume Designer; Chloe Aubry, Assistant Costume Designer . Eduardo Castro, Costume Designer; Monique McRae, Assistant Costume Designer . (CNN) -- The images are all too familiar. Young protesters, disenfranchised and frustrated, take to the streets to fight a government that is ignoring their demands. At first peaceful, the protests are met with the heavy hand of riot police. Photographs of resilient demonstrators -- some standing obstinate amid the clouds of tear gas, others covered in pepper spray -- flood the Internet. But what is surprising about this week's images is that they come from Hong Kong, one of Asia's financial hubs and a territory known for its stability. The impetus for these pro-democracy protests, started by a student boycott of classes and joined by the group Occupy Central with Love and Peace, was the Chinese government's pronouncement that the selection of candidates in Hong Kong's election in 2017 would be limited by a pro-Beijing committee, a move that would ostensibly prevent a leader resistant to Beijing's influence from coming to power. Such an arrangement follows the letter of the Basic Law, which codified the policy of "one country, two systems," as well as a 2007 decree by the National People's Congress that promised universal suffrage in 2017, but hardly their spirit. It is therefore no surprise that the signs have long seemed to point to an eventual clash of perspective. Hong Kong was returned to mainland China from the British Commonwealth in 1997, its institutions grounded in Western and democratic thought. Hong Kong's economic freedoms and openness draws in companies and individuals from around the globe, further perpetuating the territory's ties to the outside world. On the other side of the coin is Beijing, well known for its opposition to the open flow of information and the Western concept of democracy. Hong Kong protests: What you need to know . Both sides have demonstrated restraint, with the protesters remaining largely peaceful and the government pulling back riot police after a day of aggressive crowd control tactics. Moreover, it is in the interest of both parties to maintain a low level of intensity. Violent escalation by the Occupy Central movement would only justify an equally violent response, and international condemnation and domestic anger would follow hostile action by the police. That said, in a meeting with Hong Kong's business elite, Chinese President Xi Jinping asserted that Beijing will not yield. The Chinese government is aggressively censoring posts on Weibo, a popular social media site -- censored posts reportedly increased five-fold over the weekend, and "Hong Kong" is now the most widely deleted search term on the social media site -- and Instagram was blocked for the first time in Hong Kong. In the meantime, the Occupy Central movement has already achieved much by bringing greater attention to Hong Kong's struggle for democracy. As the removal of riot police reveals, the international presence in Hong Kong means that Beijing does not have the same freedom of action as it does on the mainland. In China, demonstrations against issues such as pollution, corruption and forced land seizures are common and under-reported, caught behind the government's Great Firewall. But it is harder for the world to ignore the comprehensive and detailed reports emanating from Hong Kong. With their actions, the Hong Kong citizens are assembling the pieces for greater civil and political participation in not only Hong Kong but also mainland China. The possible financial ramifications of the Occupy Central movement could cause Beijing to seek a quick conclusion to the demonstrations. After all, with traffic bottlenecked by protesters, business as usual in one of Asia's financial hubs and China's financial center is in question. A number of banks reportedly temporarily closed some of their branches and asked employees to work from home. Investors, too, are waiting to see the outcome of the protests in Hong Kong before continuing projects. Should the demonstrations linger, Beijing might therefore need to reassess its tactics -- though this could result in an even more aggressive crackdown. The road ahead will not be easy. Xi and the Communist Party are unlikely to shift from the short-term tactic of censorship and suppression. The leaders and participants of the Occupy Central movement risk arrest and censure in a territory and country that values stability above all. But they are carving out a space for civil and political participation throughout Greater China. In the end, such participation will improve both China's governance and the lives of its people. Now if only Beijing can get out of its own way. From umbrella protests to 'umbrella revolution' By . Ryan Kisiel . PUBLISHED: . 18:50 EST, 10 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 19:07 EST, 10 February 2013 . Domestic revelations: Camilla Kerslake has revealed that at home England captain Chris Robshaw hoovers and wears a onesie . On the pitch, he is a hard-tackling warrior and uncompromising opponent. Catch Chris Robshaw off the pitch, however, and you’re more likely to find him tackling the vacuuming and wearing a ‘onesie’ – according to his girlfriend. The England captain received praise from both sides for a man-of-the-match display which helped his side win 12-6 in Dublin yesterday – the first time they have beaten the Irish on their home turf in the Six Nations for a decade. But he might now attract a few changing room jibes after Camilla Kerslake’s insights into their cosy domestic life. The 24-year-old singer said: ‘When Chris does come home, I give him a massage to help his aching muscles and cook him a healthy meal. ‘I cook and he does the hoovering around the house – it’s a modern relationship. 'When we pop out for a coffee or meal, I usually pay for it as he insists on paying most of the household bills. 'He’s a complete gentleman and you have to be creative to keep things financially equal. ‘At the end of the day we just prefer to stay in, put on our onesies and watch television. 'We have no desire to be seen coming out of nightclubs bleary eyed and stumbling over the pavement.’ However, she admitted the couple’s evenings together are few and far between due to work commitments. Rather than cheering from the stands during yesterday’s Six Nations match, the soprano was at home preparing for a concert, and confessed that she often has to miss games because of her heavy work schedule. She also revealed that the pair, who bought a two-bedroom Victorian end-of-terrace house in Kingston, Surrey, last year, have never been able to spend 26-year-old Robshaw’s birthday or Valentine’s Day together. She said: ‘We probably go out three nights a year. We both can’t drink most of the year because Chris is an athlete and it affects my voice. 'It’s so rare that we’re at home together for a long period, so when we are we make the most of it. ‘It’s tough that I can’t go to all of Chris’s games and support him because I would really like to, but he understands that I have to work as well.’ Work mode: Chris Robshaw received praise from both sides for a man-of-the-match display which helped his side win 12-6 in Dublin yesterday . She added that she winces when she is described as a ‘WAG’, explaining: ‘It implies you are married to a footballer and stay at home. 'I had a busy career before I met Chris and that hasn’t changed.’ Miss Kerslake has sung at numerous sporting events, including five performances at Twickenham and an appearance in front of the Queen at the Epsom Derby. On the pitch: Robshaw (pictured yesterday) may attract a few changing room jibes after Miss Kerslake's insights into their cosy domestic life . 14 May 2015 Last updated at 00:47 BST But how do the two Asian giants stack up? And how much do India and China count for in the world? BBC News explains, in 60 seconds. Produced by Mohamed Madi Cartoonists across the world have flooded the streets and the internet with powerful drawings in defiance of the armed gunmen who attempted to silence the satirical French newspaper, Charlie Hebdo. Three men stormed the publication’s building in Paris on Wednesday, where they shot dead 12 people and injured 11. Amongst the victims were 10 journalists and at least four cartoonists. Charlie Hebdo was well known for its controversial images which regularly satirised Islam amongst other religions, while the newspaper’s latest tweet featured a cartoon of Abu Baghdadi, the leader of Islamic State. As tens of thousands of people gathered on the streets across the world to show support for those who were slaughtered, cartoonists everywhere took to their drawing pads in an effort to prove that pens are far mightier than swords. Scroll down for video . Cartoonists across the world, including Australian David Pope, have flooded the internet with touching drawings to show support and solidarity for the victims of the Charlie Hebdo terrorism attack . Many of the cartoons included pens or pencils to represent the victims: This one, originally thought to be by Graffiti artist Banksy, was liked more than 82,000 times on Instagram. It appears to be the work of illustrator Lucille Clerc . This image by The Independent's cartoonist Dave Brown, was retweeted by over 22,000 people including author J.K. Rowling . 'And this is our gun!' A Chilean caricaturists thought up this clever image after the distressing event, which saw 12 people die and 11 injured . Illustrator James Walmesley's cartoon received 4,200 retweets within nine hours of being shared online . Using the hashtag #jesuischarlie, meaning I am Charlie in French, artists shared their own powerful and often satirical sketches to advocate for free press, denounce violence and mourn their innocent colleagues from the French publication. One of the most widely shared drawings, which was shared more than 62,000 times and favourite by over 29,000 people within 13 hours of hitting the internet, was penned by The Canberra Times' cartoonist David Pope. 'Can't sleep tonight, thoughts with my French cartooning colleagues, their families and loved ones,' Mr Pope wrote alongside his drawing on Twitter. An image by The Independent's cartoonist Dave Brown, which showed a hand coming out of a Charlie Hebdo magazine with its middle finger displayed as blood-red ink spills across the page, has been shared by over 22,000 Twitter users, including author J.K. Rowling. Dutch cartoonist Ruben Oppenheimer alluded to the 9/11 terror attacks in New York with his thoughtful cartoon which received over 20,000 retweets . Brazilian cartoonist Carlos Latuff's cartoon shared a different message: while two gunman were drawn shooting into a building labelled as the Charlie Hebdo headquarters, the bullets are also shown hitting an Islamic building . Supportive cartoons came from artists as far and wide as India, Egypt, Brazil, Canada, Spain and Belgium . French artist Boulet's cartoon portrays the magazine as a duck, flying above a gunman. The words roughly translate to 'the ducks always fly higher than the guns', using the French slang for ducks which can also mean newspaper . Egyptian cartoonist Cheb Makhlouf drew this cartoon along with the words 'we know that our weapon is stronger than your weapon' Meanwhile Indian artist Satish Acharya's image satirised the event with the pictured speech bubble . Many of the cartoons included pens or pencils to represent the victims, with some depicting a sharpened pencil claiming retribution against its attackers . One cartoon with this theme was drawn and shared gaining over 82,000 likes in six hours on Instagram alone. Originally credited to graffiti artist Banksy, it is thought to be the work of illustrator Lucille Clerc. Supportive cartoons came from artists as far and wide as India, Egypt, Brazil, Canada, Spain and Belgium. Brazilian cartoonist Carlos Latuff's cartoon shared a different message: while two gunman were drawn shooting into a building labelled as the Charlie Hebdo headquarters, the bullets were shown travelling through the office and into an Islamic building. 'Please, RT! Attack has another victim!' Mr Latuff wrote alongside his cartoon. Nate Beeler was one of many artists who advocated for free press within his satirical drawing . The Washington Post's editorial cartoonist Tom Toles wrote 'but the pen will endure and the line will be drawn' on his illustration . Many of the images, including this one by Rob Tornoe, depicted sharpened pencils and pens claiming retribution against their attackers . Ffench cartoonist Gilles van Kote from the publication Le Monde wrote 'Wholeheartedly with Charlie Hebdo' in his image . Dutch cartoonist, Ruben Oppenheimer, compared the event to the September 11 attacks on the world Trade Centre in New York with his cartoon that showed a plane flying towards two erected pencils. Each one resonated deeply with the words of the paper's editor and cartoonist, Stephane Charbonnier, who in 2012 said 'I would rather die standing than live kneeling' a year after the building had been firebombed for publishing a satirical cartoon about the Prophet Mohammed. Mr Charbonnier and his police bodyguard were the first people to be killed in the attack. 'In memory of my colleagues and friends from Charlie Hebdo' Patrick Chappatte, a cartoonist for The International New York Times, wrote . Dutch cartoonist Joep Bertrams published this gruesome yet powerful illustration which received over six thousand shares . Freedom of speech: This drawing by Michael de Adder, a Canadian cartoonist, shows a group of people trying to stop an illistrator's hand . A picture is worth a thousand words, as is depicted in this image by MacLeod Cartoons, with a clear message against violence . Cartoonist Martha Richler penned this sketch, depicting a woman as liberty clutching a French flag and a pen . This cartoon style drawing, which reads: 'The pencil is the most peaceful weapon, don't mess with humor' was hung outside France's embassy in Buenos Aires, Argentina . Video courtesy of This is Fusion. By . Laura Schreffler . Last updated at 7:07 AM on 24th November 2011 . As it turns out, Paula Abdul doesn't have much to be thankful on the eve of Thanksgiving...in regards to her show, X Factor, that is. The 49-year-old former choreographer's entire category has been wiped out after tonight's shocking double elimination. Her one remaining group, Lakoda Rayne, was given the boot alongside Nicole Scherzinger's contestant LeRoy Bell. Double elimination: Lakoda Rayne have been eliminated from the competition . Bye bye Leroy: The youngest-looking 60-year-old on the planet was also sent home during tonight's elimination . Not a happy camper: Paula Abdul's entire category was eliminated with Lakoda Rayne tonight . The ladies - Paige Elizabeth, 18, . Hayley Orrantia, 17, Cari Fletcher, 17, and Dani Knights, 22 - sang Taylor Swift's You Belong With Me last night but received the overall lowest amount of votes. Simon Cowell's act, 14-year-old Drew, was also pulled up alongside the girls but was quickly sent to safety. They appeared to have channelled Swift's graciousness as well, as they gracefully accepted defeat, saying: 'The dream is not over. You'll be seeing Lakoda Rayne in concert everywhere.' Paula, though furious to be out of the running, will remain on the show as a judge and commentator though she is not personally invested in its outcome. The first elimination: Drew randomly found herself up for elimination against Lakoda Rayne . Say goodbye: Paula bids farewell to her final remaining group, Lakoda Rayne . Safety kisses: Simon Cowell kisses his contestant, Drew, as she's saved from elimination . The second elimination came after a sing-off between the second and third lowest vote-getters: Bell and Marcus Canty. The Maryland native, who dedicated last night's performance of Boyz II Men's A Song For Mama to his mother, wowed the crowd by singing Christina Aguilera's You Lost Me. 60-year-old Bell also dedicated his song, Sarah McLachlan's Angel, to his mother but failed to impress the judges with his version of The Beatles' Don't Let Me Down. The X Factor: Canty apparently has it, Bell did not as America decided who to keep around . Like a prayer: The former Pussycat Doll seems to be praying that Bell won't be eliminated . The ride is over: Nicole Scherzinger says goodbye to her contestant, Bell . The 20-year-old's mentor, L.A. Reid, staunchly stood by his contestant, saying: 'If we're talking about a massive star, we're talking about Marcus Canty.' Bell's own mentor, former Pussycat Doll Scherzinger, defended her contestant, saying: 'I know right now you're singing for your life. I have to send home Marcus.' Given that she had nothing to lose, Abdul also chose to send Canty packing. She told the young singer that he was one of her 'favourites' but that LeRoy 'really sang for his life'. Still kicking: Simon's whole group, including Drew, Melanie Amaro and Rachel Crow, are still competing . Safe! L.A. Reid's group of Chris Rene, Marcus Canty and Astro are moving on again in the competition . With his vote as the deciding factor in a tie for Canty and Bell, Simon Cowell opted for the older contestant, bringing the vote to a deadlock. In a 'Deadlock', America's votes determine the winner - and America determined that Bell should go home. Like Lakoda Rayne, the Tacoma, Washington native bowed out with his head held high. Stronger: Former American Idol champ Kelly Clarkson sang her new single, Stronger . Soulful singer: Bruno Mars performed his new single from the Twilight soundtrack, It Will Rain . 'I'm actually feeling OK,' the teary-eyed singer claimed, before his mentor butt in to steal the show, as always. The 33-year-old singer grabbed Bell's mic and yelled: 'He did amazing! Let's hear it for LeRoy!' In between the glaring double elimination, viewers were treated to performances from Kelly Clarkson and Bruno Mars. The former American Idol champion sang her latest single, Stronger, in front of gigantic cartoon fists. Singing circus: The remaining nine contestants performed a medley of Pink songs . 26-year-old Mars sang his latest hit, It Will Rain, off the Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 1 soundtrack. Before the final elimination, all nine contestants performed a medley of Pink songs while dressed as circus performers. The remaining contestants now stand at seven - Canty, Drew, Melanie Amaro, Rachel Crow, Josh Krajcik, Astro and Chris Rene. Cowell and Reid's entire categories remain intact. The judges table: Paula's category is done, but Nicole, Simon and L.A. are still around . There were about 30 of them, according to the caretaker in the apartment block where he lived. Abul Kalam Azad says they were in plain clothes but had an air of confident authority. Some carried pistols. Gen Azmi hid in an empty flat on the fifth floor. He is the son of Ghulam Azam, a former leader of one of Bangladesh's main opposition parties, Jamaat-e-Islami, and would have known that the sons of two other senior Bangladeshi politicians had been kidnapped earlier in the month. The United Nations and human rights groups including Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International have been warning for years that forced disappearances and extra-judicial killings are common in Bangladesh. But this year, there has been an alarming rise in the number of cases. The men who came for Gen Azmi did not produce any identification documents. They demanded to know where the control room for the CCTV cameras was, and took the discs from the system. When Mr Azad, the caretaker, told them he did not know where the former brigadier general was, they dragged him into a side room off the garage and beat him. He kept silent, so they began searching flat by flat, working their way slowly up through the building. The Bangladeshi human rights organisations Odhikar and Ain-o-Salish Kendra keep a running tally of the number of people who have been taken. They believe some 60 people have gone missing in similar circumstances this year alone, and about 300 over the seven years since the government has been in power. Bangladesh-based journalist David Bergman has been tracking what happens to the disappeared. According to his figures, about half of those taken this year eventually reappeared. The lucky ones - a small minority - were simply released, with threats of dire consequences if they ever talked about what had happened to them. Another 30 or so turned up in police custody or in court charged with some offence. This is what happened to two men who were at a Dhaka cafe when it was attacked by Islamist militants on 1 July. They went missing after the commando raid that ended the siege, only to be formally arrested a month later. The fate of the other secret detainees is even more sinister. Fifteen are dead, most killed in alleged shootouts with law enforcement agencies. Nineteen people remain missing. The human rights groups allege the Bangladeshi government is using the security forces to target rival politicians and activists, a claim it denies. "We can safely say there haven't been incidents of disappearances or kidnap with law enforcement agencies in the last two or three years," Bangladesh's Law Minister Anisul Huq tells me. "Whenever there is even one complaint that is found to be true, then we investigate." Mr Huq says the disappearance claims are part of a plot by opposition parties to discredit the government. "There are many frivolous complaints, and they are trying to get mileage from that by complaining to the human rights activists or to journalists so that it can be fanned up," he says. "If they have a list I would like to look into it, and I am saying I will look into it." But the UN Working Group on Enforced Disappearances says it has repeatedly asked Bangladesh to investigate the role of law enforcement agencies in disappearances and killings over the past five years. And, like Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International, it says it has requested information on named individuals. Yet despite reminders, the UN says, it has received no response from the government. The men did eventually find Gen Azmi. They smashed down the door of the flat in which he was hiding and dragged him out into the hallway. Mr Azad saw what happened next. "They tied a blindfold around his eyes," he says, "and took him downstairs and pushed him into a mini-van. "Then, they drove away." "We haven't heard anything since," the former brigadier general's 83-year-old mother, Syeda Afifa Azam, tells me. "We don't who took him or what has happened to him," she says, breaking down in tears. Meenakshi Ganguly, of Human Rights Watch, says the impact of forced disappearances on families is terrible. "In all the human rights work I do, this is the worst abuse because people just never know what has happened, they just keep waiting for people to come back home," he says. "At least with extra-judicial killings, there is some sort of closure. "With disappearances, families just keep waiting." Gen Azmi's family say they asked the police to investigate, but the police told the BBC they had no knowledge of the case. "How can a mother suffer this?" asks Mrs Azam. By . Steph Cockroft . A 'bold initiative' which will see drivers banned from overtaking cyclists on designated 'cycle streets' could be introduced in cities throughout the UK in a bid to reduce the number of road deaths. The proposed move would introduce a new 15mph speed limits on certain roads, where cyclists would also be given priority over motorists. Under the government plans, police would be able to issue a £100 fine or three penalty points to any drivers who flout the new rules. Scroll down for video . The introduction of 'cycle streets', proposed by the Department for Transport, would see bicycles have priority over motorists on dozens of roads across the UK . The scheme, which is being mooted in an attempt to reduce deaths among cyclists, is likely to be introduced in London, as well as the Government's 'cycle cities' - Manchester, Birmingham, Newcastle upon Tyne and Oxford. It is the latest move in a string of measures attempting to reduce some of the 19,000 injuries which are caused to cyclists on the UK roads each year. The scheme, which has been championed by . the roads minister Robert Goodwill, has been laid out in a consultation document issued by . the Department for Transport. In the document it says: 'This is a bold initiative, which is being considered by some of the cycle cities and London, possibly including a ban on overtaking on lightly-trafficked roads where cycle flows are high. 'Subject to any scheme trial, this prohibition could be accompanied by an advisory speed limit of 15 mph is being considered by some of the cycle cities and London, possibly including a ban on overtaking on . lightly-trafficked roads where cycle flows are high'. 'Cycle streets' are already widely used in the Netherlands and . Germany to give priority to cyclists over motorists on minor streets. But in the Netherlands, cycle . streets are only used where cyclists outnumber motorists by two to one, a situation rarely seen in Britain. Other measures included in the consultation include creating pedestrian and cycle zones where they are currently known as ‘no motor vehicles’ zones. It would mean cyclists are allowed in areas where cars are banned. The consultation also proposes introducing a new priority crossings for cyclists. The scheme is likely to be introduced in London and the UK's so-called 'cycle cities', which include Manchester, Birmingham, Oxford and Newcastle upon Tyne . Under the plan, cycle routes would be placed . next to zebra crossings markings, forcing drivers to give way to . cyclists when crossing between cycle lanes. The consultation on the document ends next month, meaning the scheme could be implemented before the general election. Over the past few years, several other measures have been developed in a bid to increase road safety for cyclists. Last year, a new electronic laser device that creates a bike lanes for a cyclist was unveiled by Hammacher Schlemmer, a company based in the US. Last year, the Cyclist's Virtual Safety Lane - an electronic laser device which creats a bike lane in the dark - was unveiled by Hammacher Schlemmer, a compnay based in the US . The Cyclist's Virtual Safety Lane, which is the same size as a deck of cards, mounts to the rider's saddle post and uses a laser to project two lines either side of the bicycle. The tiny device is visible under headlights or streetlights and gives motorists an indicator of where the cyclist is. The red . lane begins at the bike's seat and extends past the rear wheel - giving . drivers a clear sight of the space they need to allocate to the cyclist. Earlier this year, new bike lights designed by behavioural scientist and keen cyclist Crawford Hollingworth that display the international symbol of the cyclist were hailed as a major breakthrough in road safety. Research carried out by the University of Oxford suggests the bike symbol distinguishes cyclists from the blizzard of lights that streak the roads up and down the country. The Greater London Authority is also building super cycle highways around the capital, to reduce congestion and increase safety on the roads. Four of the 12 planned super highways have already been built. Over the last decade, cycling has grown in London alone by 70 per cent. On major roads, the number of cyclists has increased by 173 per cent. This still only translates to two per cent of all journeys and falls short of many other UK and European cities. But road safety is still a key factor. Between 2006 and 2011, the number of cycling casualties rose by half. Cycling accounts for 20 per cent of deaths and serious casualties on the roads. Patients tried to flee a London hospital screaming 'Ebola' when medics wearing biohazard suits brought in an elderly woman for emergency treatment. Patients at University Hospital Lewisham evacuated the casualty unit, as the woman was kept outside in an ambulance. She was kept in the ambulance for an hour before finally being taken by crew in protective clothing for tests, it has been reported. University Hospital Lewisham descended into panic when medics wearing biohazard suits brought in an elderly woman for emergency treatment and a fellow patient shouted 'Ebola' A witness told The Sun: ‘There was panic. Luckily, there was a glass wall between us and the potential victim’. There around 40 people in the A&E department when the ambulance arrived, the witness added. The woman was later deemed 'low risk' and sent home to await results from her tests. A hospital spokesman said: 'Whilst we cannot discuss individual cases, we can say that we have not had any confirmed cases of Ebola at Lewisham Hospital. 'Like many other London hospitals we expect to see a number of patients with a history of travel to West Africa who need precautionary testing for Ebola under current public health guidance. In most cases, Ebola is considered very unlikely but testing is done as a precaution.' Earlier this month it was reported that a man arrived at the hospital fearing he had the deadly virus after travelling to Britain from Sierra Leone. It was claimed that some staff refused to go near the man, who was reportedly allowed visitors and used a communal toilet. The man - who was later found not to have the virus - was not transferred to the specialist Royal Free Hospital, which is the only hospital in Britain equipped with a fully 'ebola-proof' isolation unit. Patients then tried to flee the casualty unit, as the woman was kept outside in an ambulance.She was kept in the ambulance for an hour before finally being taken by ambulance crew in protective clothing for tests . The woman was brought in by ambulance staff wearing biohazard suits (stock picture) as a suspected Ebola case. But she was later deemed 'low risk' According to the latest statistics from the World Health Organization (WHO), the virus has killed more than 4,500 people since first appearing deep in the Guinean forest last December. Yesterday, a further 135 British Army medics left Britain for Ebola-stricken Sierra Leone. The doctors, nurses and consultants from the Royal Army Medical Corps will train West African health care workers who will man five Ebola Treatment Units the UK is currently building - but will not treat the public. International Development Secretary Justine Greening also boarded the flight from RAF Brize Norton to Sierra Leone to help with the fight against Ebola. The Cabinet minister says Britain is leading the international response to the disease in the country, and has pledged a £125 million aid package including support for 700 treatment beds. It comes as Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond warned European leaders to urgently stump up extra money to fight the Ebola crisis - as figures revealed the founders of Facebook and Microsoft alone had given almost as much as France. Mr Hammond, in Luxembourg for a crisis summit on the epidemic sweeping West Africa, said world leaders had ‘a short window’ to beat the disease. European Union governments are working to raise £800 million in aid by the end of the week to fight the deadly virus - with Britain and the US having so far picked up the bulk of the costs of fighting the outbreak. By . Associated Press Reporter . A man who authorities believe strangled dozens of women as he moved . from place to place around the country was convicted Tuesday of three . 1980s murders in Los Angeles. Samuel Little, 74, appeared almost cheerful as he was found guilty of . crimes that will send him to prison for life without chance of parole. He chatted with his lawyer during the 10-minute hearing. Asked by . Superior Court Judge George G. Lomeli whether he agreed with a Sept. 25 . sentencing date, Little replied causally, 'It's your discretion.' A Los Angeles jury on Tuesday, Sept. 2, 2014 convicted Samuel Little, 74, in the serial killings of three women in the 1980s . Little, seen here in a 1984 booking photo, has been arrested in connection with crimes in 24 states, mostly assault, burglary, armed robbery, shoplifting and drug violations . 'Well, I need an answer,' the judge said. 'Sure — you're welcome,' Little responded. Defense attorney Michael Pentz did not speak to reporters after the hearing. Jurors deliberated just two hours before convicting him of three counts of first-degree murder. The women were found nude below the waist and had been dragged into debris-strewn alleys. Prosecutors linked the former boxer to the killings through evidence . found at the scenes, which they compared to his DNA profile in a . criminal database. In 2012, Los Angeles detectives found Little living in a shelter in Kentucky and arrested him. Brenda Gordon looks at photos of her mother, Carol Alford, allegedly murdered by Samuel Little in 1987 . Little's victims were 41-year-old Carol Alford, whose body was found . on July 13, 1987; 35-year-old Audrey Nelson, found on Aug. 14, 1989; and . 46-year-old Guadalupe Apodaca, found on Sept. 3, 1989. Apodaca's son, Tony Zanbrano, 50, said his own life had been blighted . by his mother's death and a quarter-century of not knowing who had . killed her. 'I was totally happy, grateful that this nightmare is ended, knowing . that he won't be on the streets to hurt somebody else,' he said outside . court. 'He was a monster. He'd thrive on killing mothers.' 'My life has totally changed now ... everything is turning out for the best,' he added. Apodaca's niece, Diana Flores, 56, said she was glad 'that nobody . else will feel the pain and the grief that he caused so many children . out there.' During trial, prosecutor Beth Silverman said Little is likely . responsible for at least 40 killings since 1980. Authorities in . California, Florida, Kentucky, Missouri, Louisiana, Texas, Georgia, . Mississippi and Ohio are looking for possible links. 'It's the end of an entire career of killing,' she said after the verdict. It was difficult to track down Little and required help from law . enforcement agencies from all over the country, Los Angeles police . robbery-homicide Detective Mitzi Roberts said. A man walks past an apartment building on the 4300 block of South Ascot Avenue in Los Angeles, in the area where the body of Guadalupe Apodaca was found after she was allegedly murdered by Samuel Little in 1989 . 'He wouldn't stay in one place more than a week or two and then he would move on to the next one,' she said. Little's victims were easy targets because they were drug-users and prostitutes on the fringes of society, authorities said. 'These perpetrators are cowards that prey on the weak and the . vulnerable in the darkest hours of the night where there won't be . anybody to see them,' Roberts said. Little already had been arrested in connection with crimes in 24 . states, mostly assault, burglary, armed robbery, shoplifting and drug . violations. Over 56 years, Little served less than 10 years in prison, . authorities said. By . Daily Mail Reporter . Wall Street is known for the Charging Bull of Broadway, but on Tuesday night it was all about a cash cow. Chilean artist Sebastian Errazuriz filled a giant golden calf pinata full of dollar bills - $1,000 worth to be precise. He then handed gallery goers large sticks and set them loose to beat the 15ft high and 24ft long glittering beast until the cash fell from the sky. Cash cow: A beast of a pinata in the form of a large golden bull stuffed with cash was smashed in New York on Tuesday night . Sculpture: The interactive art sculpture, called 'XXth Century Capital' is the work of Chilean artist Sebastian Errazuriz . The visitors then scrambled to get their hands on the free money, as it tumbled from the cash cow - a mythic symbol of wealth and greed. 'It's a golden calf from the Bible, a false idol, the Bull of Wall Street,' Errazuriz said from Industry City warehouses in Brooklyn's Sunset Park. The interactive art sculpture, called 'XXth Century Capital' or The Giant Golden Pinata, was created as a commission for Wanted Design Fair to inaugurate the opening of the NYC x Design event. Creator: Errazuriz, pictured, created the 15ft high, 24ft long piece as a commission for Wanted Design Fair who wanted an installation to inaugurate the opening of the NYC x Design event . Pinata: The giant pinata was on view to the public in Industry City, Brooklyn, and saw them invited to grab as much of the cash as they could when it was smashed open at 5p.m. In the stark critique of capitalism, the crowd took turns whacking the bull with broomsticks that, for added effect, were wrapped in Communist-red tape. Finally, just after 5p.m., the spectacular animal's under belly gave way, and the rain began to fall into outstretched arms. Visitors were invited to grab as much of the cash as they could. According to the New York Daily News, a tall member of the crowd was ushered out of the way to make room for a small girl who was being lifted up so she could reach the dollars. Capitalist: In the stark critique of capitalism, the crowd took turns whacking the bull with broomsticks that, for added effect, were wrapped in Communist-red tape . Raining cash: Finally, the spectacular animal's under belly gave way, and the rain began to fall into outstretched arms . Sunset Park High School student Kamylle Morency told the Daily News she scored $33 before she was knocked over by the boisterous group. 'I thought that people were going to be nice - money was going to be falling from the sky,' she told the newspaper. But she added: 'Somebody pushed me to the floor.' Errazuriz felt the moral of his work came across as intended. 'It's a symbol of capitalism that they're tearing down,' he said. 'But then they're chasing the capitalism.' (CNN) -- Sen. Barack Obama will take a break from campaigning Thursday so he can visit his ailing grandmother in Hawaii, an Obama spokesman said Monday. Sen. Barack Obama will take a break from campaigning so he can visit his ailing grandmother. "Sen. Obama's grandmother Madelyn Dunham has always been one of the most important people in his life," spokesman Robert Gibbs told reporters. "In the last few weeks, her health has deteriorated to the point where her situation is very serious. It is for that reason that Sen. Obama has decided to change his schedule on Thursday and Friday so that he can see her and spend some time with her," Gibbs said. The interruption will cause Obama to cancel Thursday events in Madison, Wisconsin and Des Moines, Iowa. He will do an event in Indianapolis, Indiana, Thursday morning before leaving and will return to the campaign Saturday, Gibbs said. Michelle Obama will fill in for her husband on Friday at previously scheduled events in Columbus and Akron, Ohio, his campaign said. Obama speaks about his grandmother often on the stump, describing her as an integral figure in his youth who struggled against the glass ceiling in to make a better life for him. "She's the one who put off buying a new car or a new dress for herself so that I could have a better life," he said in his acceptance speech at the Democratic National Convention in August. "She poured everything she had into me. And although she can no longer travel, I know that she's watching tonight, and that tonight is her night as well." He and his family traveled to Hawaii in August to visit her. The Obama team made the announcement after a busy day of trading attacks with Sen. John McCain on the Democratic presidential hopeful's readiness for office. Monday also marked the first time that Obama appeared with Sen. Hillary Clinton during the general election season. Clinton went to Florida, a state she won in the primary but whose delegates she could not claim, to urge her supporters to turn out for Obama on Election Day. Clinton called Orlando and central Florida "the battleground of the battleground" and practically begged the crowd to vote early. "We are 15 days from the finish line and we cannot falter, we cannot stop, we cannot take a single vote for granted," Clinton said Monday. "I am asking you to work as hard for Barack as you worked for me. If you made phone calls for me, make them for Barack. If you walked streets for me, make them for Barack. If you talked to your friends and neighbors for me, do it again for Barack. We cannot risk four more years of the same failed Republican policies." Earlier in the day, McCain told a crowd in Belton, Missouri, that the next president "won't have time to get used to the office." He was addressing comments made Sunday by Obama's running mate, Sen. Joe Biden, in which he said Obama would be tested within the first six months of his presidency. "We don't want a president who invites testing from the world at a time when our economy is in crisis and Americans are already fighting in two wars," McCain said. "What is more troubling is that Sen. Biden told their campaign donors that when that crisis hits, they would have to stand with them because it wouldn't be apparent Sen. Obama would have the right response. The Obama-Biden campaign released a pre-emptive response after reading McCain's scheduled remarks. "With our nation facing two wars and 21st century threats abroad, Sen. Biden referenced the simple fact that history shows presidents face challenges from day one," Obama spokesman David Wade said. "After eight years of a failed foreign policy, we need Barack Obama's good judgment and steady leadership, not the erratic and ideological Bush-McCain approach that has set back our security and standing in the world." Earlier Monday, Obama denounced the "say-anything, do-anything politics" of McCain's camp, but said "careless, outrageous comments" won't distract him from addressing the nation's ills. Obama added that Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin, McCain's running mate, rejected some of the tactics when she spoke out against a flood of automated phone calls tying Obama to former radical William Ayers. The calls were reported in several battleground states. "It's getting so bad that even Sen. McCain's running mate denounced his tactics last night," Obama said at a campaign event in Tampa, Florida. "As you know, you really have to work hard to violate Gov. Palin's standards on negative campaigning." Sunday night, Palin told reporters traveling with her that if she had her way, the McCain campaign and the Republican National Committee would not be flooding battleground states with the automated phone calls, which she said the Obama campaign was using too. Over the next 15 days, Obama said Monday, he will continue his quest for the Oval Office while disregarding the divisive politics that he said McCain is endorsing "to keep us from working together." The McCain campaign, meanwhile, continued its weekend assault on Obama's tax plan, which it called an attempt to "spread the wealth." iReport.com: Send your questions for Sen. John McCain . Speaking at a campaign event in St. Charles, Missouri, a chorus of boos rang out as the Arizona senator described his take on the plan. "He believes in redistributing wealth -- not in policies that grow our economy and create jobs and opportunities for all Americans. Sen. Obama is more interested in controlling who gets your piece of the pie than in growing the pie." In Colorado Springs, Colorado, Palin also continued her line of attack from the weekend, but softened her tone in that she didn't call Obama's plan socialism. Watch Palin say Obama sounds like a socialist » . Over the weekend, Palin and Sen. Mel Martinez, a Cuban-American GOP senator from Florida, called Obama's plan socialism. Martinez compared the plan to the tax structure in communist Cuba. McCain has taken a softer tone. On Sunday, he dodged a question from Fox News' Chris Wallace about whether Obama was a socialist, but said his rival's tax plan was an effort "to spread the wealth." "That's one of the tenets of socialism," McCain said. Watch Obama defend his plan » . Obama's tax plan calls for tax relief for 95 percent of workers and their families. Though nonpartisan tax policy organizations agree that 40 percent of Americans don't pay income tax, many of those are lower-income earners who file payroll taxes through their employers. See the fact check . After receiving an endorsement from Colin Powell, a former Republican secretary of state and retired Army general, Obama asked if Powell and billionaire Warren Buffett -- No. 2 on Forbes magazine's 2008 list of richest Americans -- would have extended their backing if he was a socialist. Watch Obama explain Powell's influence » . Obama said he simply wants to give the middle class a tax cut. Powell came to Obama's defense after endorsing the senator from Illinois. Powell said he had grown tired of McCain's negative campaigning and that the American people would prefer to focus on issues like education, infrastructure and the economy. He specifically slammed Palin's allegation that Obama's tax plan is socialist, calling it misleading. iReport.com: What do you think about Powell's endorsement? "For us to say that makes you a socialist, I think, is an unfortunate characterization that isn't accurate." John Burgess, 27, from Dulwich, was struck on 10 April and died three days later, British Transport Police (BTP) said. Eyewitnesses on Twitter described the accident at Stockwell in south London as "horrific". Transport for London, said the accident happened on a Northern Line platform which was not overcrowded. In a statement police said: "BTP officers are currently preparing a report for the coroner and the incident is not being treated as suspicious." An inquest has been opened and adjourned. Istanbul (CNN) -- Turkey's long-simmering war with a Kurdish insurgency has escalated over the last year, reaching death tolls unseen in more than a decade, a new report focusing on the conflict says. "Turkey's Kurdish conflict is becoming more violent, with more than 700 dead in fourteen months, the highest casualties in thirteen years," concluded the International Crisis Group, a conflict resolution organization that has extensively researched Turkey's war with the Kurdistan Workers Party, or PKK. "We're seeing the longest pitched battles between the army and the PKK, we're seeing a wide-spread campaign of kidnapping, suicide bombings and terrorist attacks by the PKK. They're very much on the offensive and unfortunately this is matched by much harder line rhetoric on both sides," added Hugh Pope, the chief author of the International Crisis Group report, in an interview with CNN. 115 Kurdish rebels killed in 14 days . Last weekend alone, at least eight Turkish police officers and four soldiers were killed in two separate ambushes in southeastern Turkey. The PKK promptly claimed responsibility for both attacks. The Turkish government, meanwhile, claims to have killed hundreds of PKK fighters in recent months, both in operations in southeastern, predominantly Kurdish-populated Turkey and during air raids against suspected PKK camps in the mountains of northern Iraq. "Within the last month, in the operations executed throughout the region, about 500 terrorists were eliminated," Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said in a speech Monday. "We will on the one hand develop Turkey and on the other hand continue to tirelessly struggle against this terrorist organization that has bloody hands." The escalation of violence and hard-line rhetoric on both sides has jeopardized hopes of bringing an end to a conflict that has bedeviled Turkey for 30 years. It also threatens to destabilize a member of the NATO military alliance that is already grappling with the influx of more than 80,000 refugees fleeing the civil war in neighboring Syria. For decades, the Turkish state discriminated against the Kurds, Turkey's largest ethnic minority, which now makes up roughly 20% of the population. The Kurdish language was banned, and Kurds were long referred to as "mountain Turks." The PKK, led by one of its founders, Abdullah Ocalan, launched a bloody campaign to carve out an independent homeland for Kurds from Turkey, as well as neighboring Iran, Iraq and Syria, in the 1980s. The conflict killed more than 30,000 people, most of them ethnic Kurds. The war that raged across southeastern Turkey subsided when the PKK declared a unilateral cease-fire for several years after Ocalan was captured in 1999. In 2005, Erdogan's government began secret talks with PKK leaders. His Justice and Development Party, or AKP, also made a number of overtures toward the Kurds, relaxing bans on Kurdish language education, appearing to apologize for past discriminatory policies and launching a state Kurdish-language TV station. "The AKP government actually did more for the Kurds than anyone up until now," Pope said. "[But] when a wave of massive arrests of legitimate Kurdish politicians began, that's when I think young people especially lost hope and the PKK's arguments for the legitimacy of armed struggle became persuasive to them." Turkish authorities have arrested thousands of Kurdish activists, intellectuals and politicians in the past several years. Many of those targeted are members of the Peace and Democracy Party, or BDP, a legal Kurdish political party that elected 29 members to parliament on independent ballots in 2011. According to this month's International Crisis Group report, those arrested "include elected deputies, mayors (some from major cities and districts), provincial councilors, party officials and ordinary activists. Many have been accused of membership in a terrorist organization, but not of committing any violent act." Last week, 44 journalists and media workers from Kurdish news outlets appeared in an Istanbul courthouse on terrorism charges. Many of them have been awaiting trial in prison since their arrest last December. "This is to silence the opposition," said Baran Dogan, one of the defense attorneys in the case. "This is not only about press freedom but also an intervention into a citizen's right to choose where to get news from." In fact, in recent weeks, Turkey's fiery prime minister has publicly urged the Turkish media not to report on the growing number of Turkish casualties in the conflict, drawing criticism from media freedoms groups. "Erdogan's most recent televised 'message to all the media' crosses from reprimanding into directly instructing journalists to stop covering the long-standing conflict between the Turkish Armed Forces and the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK). This is unthinkable," the New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists said in a news release this week. One of the major obstacles to the peace process, however, is the position staked out by the leaders of the Kurdish movement in Turkey. Video emerged last month showing several BDP lawmakers embracing and celebrating with armed PKK fighters in the mountains of southeastern Turkey. The scene provided further ammunition for critics who accuse the party of being a public face for the armed rebels. The International Crisis Group report also points out that the BDP has essentially marginalized itself from negotiations with the Turkish government. "The BDP says 'don't negotiate with us, negotiate with Abdullah Ocalan in prison,' " said Pope, the report's chief author. Members of the party insist they do not have the power to persuade PKK fighters to lay down their weapons. "We are not an armed group. If we tell them (the PKK) to lay down arms, will they obey?" Meral Danis Bestas, deputy chairwoman of the BDP, said in a phone interview with CNN. Over the last decade, Turkey succeeded in forging alliances with neighboring Iran, Syria and Iraq to target Kurdish rebels operating in their respective territories. But Turkey's relations with all three governments have deteriorated sharply over the past several years, and the conflict threatens to spill across borders. This month, Turkish warplanes repeatedly bombed suspected PKK camps in the mountains of northern Iraq. Meanwhile, Turks watched with alarm this summer as members of the Syrian branch of the PKK raised the guerilla movement's flag over several predominantly Kurdish towns along Syria's border with Turkey. Should Turkey be afraid of the Syrian Kurds? This has led to accusations from Ankara that Syria and its ally Iran are providing support to the PKK, charges denied by both Damascus and Tehran. "If Turkey feels vulnerable to empowered Kurds in Syria, the only way to defend itself is to solve its domestic Kurdish problem," said Pope, the International Crisis Group report author. The report urged the Turkish government to expand Kurdish language education, redefine Turkey's broad definition of terrorism and launch a package of measures for reintegration of former Kurdish insurgents. The group also appealed to Kurdish leaders to drop demands for a "self-defence militia" in Kurdish areas of Turkey. One hope for resolution of the conflict may lie in an effort to rewrite Turkey's constitution. The document was drafted by a military junta that swept into power in a coup in 1980. Kurdish lawmakers have joined with Erdogan's party, as well as two other parties represented in the Turkish parliament, to write a new version of the constitution. But these reform efforts are being overshadowed by deadly, daily attacks in southeastern Turkey. On Tuesday morning, Turkish television showed smoke billowing from a burning bus after a suspected PKK attack on a military convoy in eastern Bingol province. According to Mustafa Hakan Guvencer, the governor of Bingol, the targeted convoy included buses carrying "200 military personnel returning from their vacations unarmed and dressed in civilian clothes." The governor said the ambush killed at least 10 soldiers and wounded at least 60. More: Kurds' ambitions add explosive element to Syria crisis . What a difference a day makes. On Wednesday, Fort Lee Mayor Mark Sokolich seemed outraged after learning that New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie's appointees had apparently targeted his town as part of a political vendetta, orchestrating traffic jams because he hadn't endorsed the governor. "I'm actually rooting that the highest elected official in the state of New Jersey isn't involved in this, but I will tell you, I'm beginning to question my judgment," he said, saying that the traffic snarls caused by lane closures on the George Washington Bridge "put my town in harm's way." Asked by CNN's Wolf Blitzer whether he would accept a phone call apologizing from Christie, Sokolich said the governor shouldn't bother. "Do me a favor, don't call me, but call the families who were waiting three, four times longer for emergency services when their loved ones were having heart palpitations or when their loved ones had extreme chest pains and were waiting for our ambulance corps to arrive," he said. "Do me a favor, call and apologize to thousands of families whose kids were late for the first day of school and the three or four days that ensued thereafter. Call our police department. Call our administrators in the school system that had to deal with this. Call the folks that had to deal with traffic Armageddon that week. Don't call me." Even as Christie publicly apologized at a press conference Thursday, Sokolich said he didn't want the governor to come to his town before an investigation into the matter was complete. "It would appear that there is still some untold chapters here," he said, "and we wouldn't want him to expend gas unnecessarily." Sokolich said he welcomed the apology, but didn't need to hear it in person -- yet. "To do it now in light of what's transpired over the last 24 hours, it's just going to cause more chaos in Fort Lee. We don't need it at this point. And I've got to tell you, I think he ought to wait for this investigation to conclude, otherwise we're going to be spending a lot of gas coming up and down the turnpike." But later in the day Thursday, after meeting with Christie, he struck a more measured tone. "I'm glad he came. I take him for his word, which is he had nothing to do with it. And I said this once, I said this 100 times. We in Fort Lee are not rooting for facts to, you know, come about and surface that would suggest in some shape or form that he was involved in it. We take him for his word." Sokolich described his meeting with Christie as "productive" and "cordial." "I accepted his apology. Yes I did. .... When I was also speaking to you folks while the governor was conducting his press conference, I had indicated that, you know, maybe it wouldn't be productive (for him) to come up now, and I explained to the governor that wasn't to be disrespectful. It was just to -- wouldn't it make more sense to do this once the investigation was concluded? " Sokolich said. "The governor respectfully insisted, and we certainly would welcome any governor, and especially our governor .... with open arms, as we did." (CNN) -- Growing up in a small Sri Lankan fishing town, cricket changed Sanath Jayasuriya's life. But his association with the game and humanitarian work has also helped transform the lives of many others. Jayasuriya's stature and shot-making led to comparisons with India's Sachin Tendulkar. "Without cricket I would have a small job in my home town. My mother is happy to say my name," he told CNN in Hong Kong. His mother's pride in his success has an extra poignancy as Jayasuriya's fame in some part helped his mother survive the south Asian tsunami on December 26, 2004. She was swept away by the first wave and only by calling out to get attention, saying she was Jayasuriya's mother, did a rescuer manage to spot her among the debris and destruction and pull her to safety. Thousands of others, including many of Jayasuriya's friends and neighbors, were not so fortunate, and the impact that the disaster had on Jayasuriya's hometown of Matara and many other parts of Sri Lanka is still felt today. "Even now when many people hear the word (tsunami), they are still scared. When my mother hears it, she still can't run," he said. After nearly 20 years of international cricket, the 39-year-old is now just as happy to put bowling attacks to the sword as well as working as a UN Goodwill Ambassador. "Coming from Sri Lanka you need to do a lot of charity work and help in anyway you can. People love cricket and they look to cricketers, so as a team Sri Lanka also does a lot for charity. It's a personal commitment," he told CNN. On the pitch he has always been just as committed to helping his team. Making his international Test match debut in 1991, he captained the Sri Lankan team for four years until 2003 and hit memorable centuries against every other Test side, bar the West Indies and New Zealand. He retired from the five-day version of the game in 2007. However it was in the one day game that the all-rounder has really made his mark. As part of the Sri Lankan team that won the World Cup in 1996, he played an explosive innings of aggressive shot-making that has been credited with revolutionizing the way in which batsman play the game. In 2005 he became only the fourth batsman to reach 10,000 runs in one-day matches and his current stats stand at 12785 runs from 421 one-day internationals. Having made his name in the 50-over version of the game he's still involved in cricket's latest revolution; the even shorter Twenty20 game that is being touted as the future of popularizing the sport. "Cricket has changed all over the world. For the public to watch this game we need for it to change. You can now enjoy all that in around 3 hours (with Twenty20). The Indian Premier League (IPL) is good for cricket and good for cricketers. The one-day game will be phased down." Throughout his career he's shown his own resilience adapting to changing circumstances on the cricket pitch as well as off it. Before the 2003 World Cup he took the decision not to sign a contract with the Sri Lankan cricket board, citing the loss of potential earnings it would mean for him and fellow players. Despite not being a confrontational personality, the tension between himself and the Sri Lankan cricket board led to his resignation from the captaincy in 2003. With no Test cricket to play this year, Jayasuriya found himself omitted from the Sri Lanka squad for 2008 series one-day series against the West Indies. However his fine form while playing in the IPL -- he ended its inaugural season as the third highest run scorer with 514 runs and hitting 31 sixes -- convinced the selectors to pick him for the upcoming one-day series between Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Zimbabwe. "Looking back I could never have thought I would have come this far. Buddhism helped me a lot. It says that you should take the middle path and you will never go wrong," he said. "But I've done a lot of hard work and everyone, my family and coaches, have given me support. Without that I wouldn't have got here." When he does finally retire you can expect Jayasuriya to keep giving all he can to the game and causes he loves so much. By . Mike Dawes . PUBLISHED: . 06:15 EST, 26 February 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:15 EST, 26 February 2013 . A forensic pathologist has told the inquest into the death . of Tom Maynard that a number of illicit drugs were discovered in the former Surrey batsman's hair and that he had regularly been using cocaine and MDMA. A jury returned a verdict of death by accident at the inquest today. Maynard, 23, was found dead on the railway line at Wimbledon, south-west London, . on the morning of June 18 last year after fleeing police who had tried to get . him to pull over in the nearby Wimbledon Park area while he was driving his . Mercedes. The cause of death was said to be electrocution caused by . stepping on a live line. The inquest was initially opened on June 22 and then . adjourned. Team-mates: Maynard's former Surrey colleagues Jade Dernbach and Rory Hamilton-Brown (below) arrive at the Tom Maynard inquest . Girlfriend: Carly Baker outside Westminster Coroner's Court . Forensic pathologist Dr Simon Poole all said old and new hair samples . showed consistent use of cocaine and MDMA in the three-and-a-half months before . death. Coroner Dr Fiona Wilcox described Mr Maynard's death as 'absolutely tragic' and called for analysis of hair samples to be considered for future drugs testing by Surrey County Cricket Club, and other sports clubs, to help identify drug users. 'I pass my sympathies to Mr Maynard's family for the loss they have suffered,' she added. At the time of his death Maynard was 'heavily intoxicated with alcohol'. His blood alcohol level was 214mg per 100ml, four times over the legal driving limit, which is up to 80mg per 100ml. The mix of alcohol and cocaine would have had a possibly significant impact on the former England Lions batsman's judgement. Police were in the Wimbledon area . looking for youths on mopeds suspected of trying to steal cars when they . saw Maynard in his black Mercedes. On the pitch: Maynard playing for Surrey last season . Tribute: Maynard is remembered in the pavilion at The Oval . The police thought it was a stolen car owing to its value and the fact it was being driven at around 4.15am, so they went to investigate. Police in an unmarked car blocked Maynard in a dead end and put on the blue light. One officer said the former Surrey batsman looked 'nervous and uneasy' and ran off. His BlackBerry was left in the car and the keys were still in the ignition. An officer chased him after he fled but she was unable to catch him and lost him, so returned to her colleague. Officers searched Maynard's car but found no drugs were found. Two other officers were called to the scene. Support: Carly Baker clasps hands with another woman before the inquest . Maynard's former Surrey team-mate Jade Dernbach told the inquest he was unaware that the batsman was using cocaine or any other drug and that he was not known as a drug user among the other players. He added that in some years players can be tested 'eight or nine times, in other years once or twice'. Dernbach added that on June 17, the night before the tragedy, he, Maynard and Rory Hamilton-Brown had gone for a 'few beers'. The trio then went to Ship Inn in Wandsworth, south-west London, at about 9pm. Dernbach says he had approximately four beers and a couple of shots. He was not aware that Maynard was taking any drugs. They then went back to the house shared by Maynard and Hamilton-Brown to drink some more before going to Aura nightclub at around midnight. When they returned, Dernbach went upstairs to bed before Maynard left the house. Dernbach also gave details of how Maynard was hit by a car in Brighton when drunk 10 days before his death. Maynard was disciplined by Surrey following that incident. Ability: Maynard had played for the England Lions . Hamilton-Brown also said he did not see Maynard take drugs, describing his former team-mate as 'one of my best friends'. He added: 'I was jealous of his ability to celebrate highs and lows and stay level. 'I'd describe him as an incredibly level guy with so much talent in all facets of life.' Maynard's girlfriend, Carly Baker, . who wept throughout the hearing on Tuesday, said she had spoken to her . boyfriend at 3.30am: 'He sounded very down and depressed on the phone. 'For me to say "What's wrong" is quite unusual. It was like he needed me. 'He said, "You're the only thing that makes me happy", and he said it three times.' Miss Baker added that she urged Maynard not to drive to her home as she suspected he had been drinking. Statement: Tom Maynard's father Matthew (left) and his family said 'the results of the inquest will not define our son' Through the Professional Cricketers' Association, the Maynard family made a statement, saying: 'The results . of the inquest do not define our son. The fact that so very many people . thought the world of him is what defines him as a person. 'The only people who would judge Tom . on the findings of the inquest are people who didn't know him. He made . choices that night that tragically cost him his life but his devastated . family and friends will love and miss him unconditionally always. 'He was a very special person and his death leaves a huge hole in all our lives.' The PCA added that it was, 'saddened by the information which has come to light from the inquest into Tom Maynard’s death, and confirms both its support for Tom’s family, friends and team-mates at this difficult time.' It also said: 'Cricket has a comprehensive anti-doping programme, which has been in place for a number of years. 'Whilst the focus of this programme is . primarily on performance-enhancing drugs, it does include in-competition . testing for recreational drugs. 'The very rare incidence of positive . results suggests that cricket has no more of a problem in this regard . than society as a whole. 'The PCA is supporting the ECB in its examination of the feasibility of out-of-competition testing for recreational drugs. 'It confirms its support for such an . initiative as long as it is linked to appropriate arrangements for . treatment and rehabilitation in the event of a positive test.' Minute's silence: England and West Indies players remember Tom Maynard before their ODI at The Oval last summer . Following Maynard's death Surrey conducted a review which found: 'Players in leadership positions must always set the very best example, both on and off the pitch. 'Players considered high risk must receive constant guidance; with a development plan that must be adhered to if they are to remain with the Club. Coaches and staff require additional and regular training in order to spot the symptoms of alcohol and drugs use. 'The Club should work harder to create an environment where players in trouble come to us first, so we can help them resolve situations properly and quickly. Other external influences may not always be positive. 'We should initiate a formal process to identify key performance behaviours with full cooperation from all squad members and coaching staff. This will include the adoption of an alcohol and drugs policy which will be applicable to all. 'Surrey CCC will seek to gain the support of players, the England and Wales Cricket Board and Professional Cricketers Association in order to protect players through a drugs policy which includes a more comprehensive social drug testing programme.' Walking in: Jade Dernbach (left), Gareth Batty (centre) and PCA Chief Executive Angus Porter arrive at the Westminster inquest . A joint ECB and Surrey statement said: 'In the light of today’s verdict, ECB and Surrey CCC would like to re-iterate that this incident was a terrible human tragedy and again extend our condolences to the Maynard family and to Tom Maynard’s many friends and colleagues within the professional game. 'While the ECB accepts that recreational drug use is a part of modern society, we do not condone it and will take all reasonable steps to prevent its use within the game. We also believe we have a responsibility to educate all our players and are committed to supporting any player who needs help in this area. 'Surrey CCC began its own investigations into conduct at the end of last season and introduced a team-wide anti-drug policy which all players and management are required to abide by. Working in partnership with ECB and PCA further recommendations have been initiated. 'The ECB Board has recently agreed to develop an out-of-competition testing programme to encompass recreational drugs, in co-operation with the PCA. 'These measures will supplement ECB’s existing anti-doping programme which involves in- and out-of-competition testing through UK Anti-Doping in compliance with the WADA (World Anti-Doping Agency) Code and financial support which ECB provides to PCA for player education and support programmes. Car: Maynard's Mercedes, which was abandoned near Wimbledon Park Tube station . 'The ECB’s testing programme applies . to all registered County players and up to 200 tests are carried out on . average each year. This approximates to around 35-40 per cent of the . overall number of registered professional players. Last year, one player . (Abdur Rehman of Somerset) tested positive for cannabis following an . in-competition test. 'England players are tested in . addition as part of the ICC’s own anti-doping programme for all . international cricketers which are also WADA compliant. To date, no . England player has tested positive under these programmes. 'ECB and Surrey CCC would like to end . by echoing the statement issued by the Maynard family earlier today. The results of this inquest do not define Tom Maynard or alter in any . way the tragedy of his passing. Tom was a great man and a great . cricketer and will be remembered forever by everyone who had the . privilege to know him.' England one-day batsman Luke Wright . tweeted: 'All people need to know about Tom Maynard is that he was one . of the best and kind people you could ever meet. Miss him! Xx'. Sorry we are unable to accept comments for legal reasons. A construction worker died after the roof of a former car dealership collapsed on top of him burying him under concrete and debris in Staten Island. The body of the construction worker, who has not yet been named, was found in the debris. He was taken to Richmond University Medical Center where he died, police said. Devastation: Firefighters pulled the construction worker out from under this debris but he later died . Police said that the concrete roof partially collapsed at 8:15 a.m. on Friday at a building on a service road off the Shore Expressway. Three other construction workers were also inside, but were able to get out by themselves, according to NBC. The building which crumbled was an old Dana dealership that was being demolished, according to Ironhorse Development, which is part of the construction project. The new Dana dealership is next door. The city Buildings Department is responding to the collapse but has no immediate information. Tweet: The FDNY is pictured here responding to the scene and confirmed that they removed one worker . Evaluation: Firefighters evaluated the building which used to be a former Dana car dealership . Dealership: The building that collapsed was an old Dana dealership a new one, see here, is next door . Arsene Wenger is considering turning to Alexis Sanchez to solve Arsenal's striker crisis again at Southampton on New Year's Day. As reported by Sportsmail on Wednesday, the Gunners manager has a selection dilemma up front with Olivier Giroud suspended and Danny Welbeck doubtful with a thigh problem. Welbeck continued to have treatment on Wednesday and looks set to miss the trip to St Mary's. Alexis Sanchez (right) may play centre forward against Southampton in the absence of Olivier Giroud (left) The Chilean, pictured in training on New Year's Eve, has been in fine form for the Gunners since his arrival . Out-of-favour Lukas Podolski is nursing a slight groin issue, which if aggravated could have consequences for his proposed loan switch to Inter Milan. Yaya Sanogo is suffering from a hamstring problem, though Theo Walcott is fit again but has only just returned from knee and groin issues that has resulted in the forward not starting a game for close to 12 months. And that has seen Wenger consider utilising summer signing Sanchez as his side's centre forward against the Saints on New Year's Day. Arsenal are currently struggling with injuries and suspensions in their front line ahead of New Year's Day . Joel Campbell may play a part against Southampton, but Sanchez is likely to be preferred in the centre . Wenger will make a late decision on his team selection on Thursday as he awaits news on his injured players. Joel Campbell is also being considered but the Chilean looks to be favourite to fill the striker void. Meanwhile, the Gunners are set to move for Atletico Madrid midfielder Mario Suarez on loan next month. Danny Welbeck (left) is struggling with a thigh injury and is doubtful for the Gunners game on Thursday . The Gunners are set to move for Atletico Madrid midfielder Mario Suarez (pictured) on loan next month . Wenger is on the look out for a holding central midfielder and the 27-year-old is emerging as an option for the Gunners. Suarez has fallen behind Gabi, Yiago, Raul Garcia and Saul Niguez in the midfield pecking order and could be available on loan until the end of the season. Wenger still has designs on signing Morgan Schneiderlin or William Carvalho for the defensive midfield role in the summer, but views Suarez as a suitable stop-gap until then. When Vancouver developer Joo Kim Tiah worked out a deal to add the Trump name and brand to his new 63-storey hotel-condo tower on Georgia Street two years ago, it was a cause for celebration. Today, not so much. Politicians, city advocates and many among the general public say U.S. Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has become so offensive that Canada’s developers who aligned themselves with his brand should drop the name. Toronto councillor wants Trump Tower renamed (CTVNews Video) Vancouver Councillor Kerry Jang wrote to Mr. Tiah – CEO of the Holborn Group, which developed the tower – on Tuesday morning, urging him to get the Trump name off his not-quite-completed tower. The Trump company is supposed to manage the 147 rooms in the hotel. Mr. Jang’s request came after a Monday speech by Mr. Trump calling for all Muslims to be banned from entering the United States. “When I heard what Donald Trump said yesterday, I was absolutely shocked and appalled,” Mr. Jang said. “It’s reprehensible.” He said he thinks it’s important, symbolically, for Vancouver to reject the name and Mr. Trump’s views. “We’re not a city that stands for racism,” he added. The city doesn’t have the power to unilaterally order any business to take a name off a building, although it can regulate the look, size and placement of elaborate signs. Mr. Jang warned that the Trump tower could give Mr. Tiah a black eye, just as he is about to face public scrutiny next year with his proposed rezoning of the huge Little Mountain site in central Vancouver. The councillor was joined in his call Tuesday by a former Vancouver chief planner who oversaw the Trump tower’s city approvals. “The message that [Mr. Trump] is saying doesn’t match our value system,” Brent Toderian said. “We shouldn’t have his name on our second-most prominent tower in the city.” That same call is happening across the country. A Toronto councillor is also asking the owners of the Trump-branded tower in his city to look at finding a way to remove the name. Talon International owns the 68-storey Trump tower. “I am writing a letter asking them to change the name,” said Josh Matlow, the councillor for a north Toronto ward far from the location of the downtown tower. Like Mr. Jang, he think it’s important to send a strong signal that Canadians won’t tolerate the messages Mr. Trump is delivering. “All of us in our own way want to push back,” said Mr. Matlow, who called Mr. Trump’s recent comments about Muslims “the definition of fascism.” Mr. Matlow said he’d also like to see Mr. Trump pay a price for what he is saying, by hitting him in his real estate empire. “He certainly seems to be the type of person who cares more about his fortune than others. I hope anyone around the world might reconsider their association with him and his brand.” A public relations company acting for Talon International sent out a statement Tuesday saying its holdings have nothing to do with Mr. Trump. “Trump International Hotel & Tower Toronto is owned by Talon International Development Inc., a privately held real estate development company based in Toronto, Canada,” the statement said. “The Trump organization is the operator of the hotel, not the owner. Donald Trump’s opinions as a private citizen in no way reflect the position of our company’s views.” Mr. Tiah was on a flight to Asia all day and couldn’t be reached for comment. Not all councillors are joining the campaign to get the Trump name removed. Some say companies will likely make that decision themselves if the brand is damaged enough. “Holborn thought they were getting gold and it’s turned to lead,” Vancouver Councillor Geoff Meggs said. “I think it’s a real problem for them. The last time I heard, high-end five-star hotels cater to international travellers, including people from the Middle East.” Councillor George Affleck said he didn’t think it was the city’s place to tell a business owner what to do, although he agreed that Mr. Trump is becoming “a marketing challenge the hotel will have.” The Canadian councillors’ remarks follow a statement from several American mayors, saying they would “ban” Mr. Trump or that they’d like to. The mayor of St. Petersburg, Fla., Rick Kriseman, tweeted Monday that “I am hereby barring Donald Trump from entering St. Petersburg until we fully understand the dangerous threat posed by all Trumps.” Report Typo/Error ||||| NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — Congressmen, rival candidates, world leaders and even the creators of Harry Potter and "The Shining" all agree: Donald Trump's call to block Muslims from entering the United States goes too far. An overflow crowed fills the hangar deck of the USS Yorktown as Republican presidential candidate, businessman Donald Trump, speaks during a rally coinciding with Pearl Harbor Day at Patriots Point aboard... (Associated Press) Supporter Erich Schmid, center, from Hilton Head, S.C., waits with other supporters to hear Republican presidential candidate, businessman Donald Trump, speak during a rally coinciding with Pearl Harbor... (Associated Press) The Republican presidential front-runner's statement Monday advocating a "total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States" was blasted as bigoted, unconstitutional and potentially dangerous for American interests abroad. British Prime Minister David Cameron, breaking the custom of British leaders not commenting on U.S. presidential contenders, slammed it as "divisive, unhelpful and quite simply wrong." U.N. spokesman Farhan Haq said Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon denounced "any kind of rhetoric that relies on Islamophobia, xenophobia, any other appeal to hate any groups." Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling decried Trump on Twitter as worse than her fictional villain Lord Voldemort. Horror novelist Stephen King wrote, "That anyone in America would even CONSIDER voting for this rabid coyote leaves me speechless." "This is not conservatism," Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters after a closed-door GOP caucus meeting. "What was proposed yesterday is not what this party stands for, and more importantly it's not what this country stands for." Trump's campaign has been marked by inflammatory statements, dating back to rhetoric that some Mexican immigrants, who entered the country illegally, are drug smugglers and rapists — but even that didn't evoke the same widespread level of contempt. The billionaire businessman and former reality television star has maintained his lead in early opinion surveys, despite the controversies, vexing his Republican rivals and alarming a GOP establishment in panic over the damage they fear he's doing to a deeply divided party. Trump, who appears to revel in the attention, didn't back down from his proposal Tuesday, saying that banning Muslims "until our country's representatives can figure out what the hell is going on" is warranted after last month's attacks by Muslim extremists in Paris and last week's shootings in San Bernardino, California. "Somebody in this country has to say what's right," Trump said in an interview with ABC Tuesday. "It's short-term. Let our country get its act together." Trump's proposed ban would apply to immigrants and visitors alike, a sweeping prohibition affecting adherents of a religion practiced by more than a billion people worldwide. Trump clarified in a round of television interviews Tuesday that his proposed ban would not apply to American citizens traveling abroad and would allow exemptions for certain people, including the leaders of Middle Eastern countries and athletes for certain sporting events. Among those not specified in his list of exemptions are Pakistani activist Malala Yousafzai and the four civil society groups that led Tunisia's transition to democracy — all Muslim Nobel Peace Prize winners. At the White House, press secretary Josh Earnest lambasted Trump as a "carnival barker" and called on his rivals to denounce their fellow candidate. "What he said is disqualifying," Earnest said. "Any Republican who's too fearful of the Republican base to admit it has no business serving as president, either." ___ Colvin reported from Newark, New Jersey. Associated Press writers Mark Sherman, Laurie Kellman, Josh Lederman and Alan Fram in Washington, Bill Barrow in South Carolina, Thomas Beaumont in New Hampshire and Edith M. Lederer at the United Nations contributed to this report. ___ Follow Jill Colvin on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/colvinj ||||| Barbara Walters bluntly asked Donald Trump tonight if he’s a bigot. She put Trump on the defensive about his proposal to ban all foreign Muslims from entering the United States. Trump said he has “great respect and love” for Muslims, touting how he personally knows Muslims who “agree with me 100 percent” on this. He argued, “They knocked down the World Trade Center, they tried doing it twice, other things have happened.” Walters brought up the criticism that rhetoric like his is exactly what ISIS wants. Trump responded, “I’m the worst thing that’s ever happened to ISIS.” And the following exchange needs to be seen in its entirety: WALTERS: Are you a bigot? TRUMP: Not at all. Probably the least of anybody you’ve ever met. WALTERS: Because? TRUMP: ‘Cause I’m not! I’m a person that has common sense, I’m a smart person, I know how to run things, I know how to make America great again. Watch above, via ABC. [image via screengrab] — — Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com ||||| Republican presidential contender Donald Trump said on Dec. 7 that he was in favor of a '"total and complete" shutdown of Muslims entering the United States. (C-SPAN) As Donald Trump took to the morning show circuit on Tuesday to defend his proposal for a ban on Muslims entering the country, the Republican frontrunner was forced to provide a few more details on how such a far-reaching ban would work. Although Trump's aides had initially said no one would be exempt from the "total" ban, Trump began listing exceptions he would make: U.S. citizens who are Muslim and traveling abroad would be allowed to reenter, along with Muslim members of the U.S. military returning from tours overseas. Muslim leaders of foreign countries would also be allowed in and exceptions would be made for athletes headed to the U.S. to compete. During an interview on MSNBC's "Morning Joe" that lasted more than 30 minutes, co-host Willie Geist repeatedly asked Trump how such a ban would work, as religion does not appear on most major passports: Would airline representatives, customs agents or border guards ask a person's religion? "They would say: 'Are you Muslim?'" Trump said. "And if they said, 'yes,' they would not be allowed in the country?" Geist asked. "That's correct," Trump said. [Donald Trump calls for ‘total’ ban on Muslims entering United States] Trump said earlier in the interview that such details "would have to be worked out" and that he hoped the ban "wouldn't take very long," especially if it pushes Muslims to more diligently turn in their relatives, friends or neighbors who are acting suspicious. But Trump mainly continued to stay vague on "Morning Joe" and in shorter interviews on two other networks Tuesday morning. He wouldn't provide a full list of exemptions, a timeline for how long such a ban would last or a clear defense of how banning members of the world's fastest growing religion would keep the country safer. During an interview with ABC's "Good Morning America" Tuesday, Trump repeatedly avoided further questions about how he would implement the proposal or convince Congress to approve it, especially given that the idea has been denounced by numerous prominent Republicans. Instead, Trump pointed to warnings about the threat of terrorism and claims of support for his idea. "We can take it sitting back -- you will have many more World Trade Centers," Trump said. "It will only get worse." ||||| Donald Trump Donald TrumpRon Paul: Trump’s Mexico wall ‘sounds like theft’ GOP senator: 'I guess’ I’ll endorse Cruz Clinton: Trump tries to incite ‘prejudice and paranoia’ MORE is touting a new poll that shows a strong majority of his supporters would abandon the Republican Party to support him if he launched a third-party bid. Trump tweeted out a link to a USA Today-Suffolk University poll shortly after it was released on Tuesday. A new poll indicates that 68% of my supporters would vote for me if I departed the GOP & ran as an independent. https://t.co/ztP5d2ctZl — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 8, 2015 The poll illustrates a nightmare scenario for the GOP, as many believe Trump would siphon off enough of the Republican vote to doom the party's presidential hopes. ADVERTISEMENT Trump has signed a pledge not to run a third-party campaign and has said he’ll support whomever the eventual GOP nominee is — if he believes the party treats him fairly in the process. But on Monday night, Trump ignited a firestorm of controversy for saying that Muslims should be barred from entering the country. Party leaders, lawmakers and Trump’s rivals for the GOP presidential nomination have been almost unanimous in rebuking the proposal, including Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.). Democrats though have delighted in the headache Trump is causing the Republican Party. The USA Today-Suffolk University survey found that 68 percent of Trump’s supporters said they would stick with him should he run for the White House as an independent. Only 18 percent of Trump’s supporters said they would reconsider their support if he left the party. The poll was conducted before Trump made the remarks, although a Public Policy Polling survey released Tuesday found that Trump’s supporters largely agree with his rhetoric on Islam. Meanwhile, the new poll found Trump taking 27 percent and holding a double-digit lead over the rest of the GOP field. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) came in second place at 17 percent support, followed by Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) at 16 percent. Both freshman senators were only pulling single-digit support in the previous poll from late September. Ben Carson has fallen 3 points from the previous poll and now sits in fourth place nationally at 10 percent support. Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush has seen his support cut in half, from 8 percent to 4 percent, and no other candidate takes more than 2 percent support. On the Democratic side, Hillary Clinton holds a big lead nationally, taking 56 percent support over Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders (I), who is at 29 percent support. The poll found a close race for the White House, with Clinton leading Trump by 4 points, while edging Cruz by 2 points and Carson by 1 point in hypothetical head-to-head match-ups. Rubio is the only Republican who would beat Clinton, leading her by 3 points in the poll. The USA Today-Suffolk poll of 1,000 likely voters was conducted between Dec. 2 and Dec. 6 and has a 3 percentage-point margin of error. The surveys of 363 likely Democratic voters and 357 likely Republican voters have 5 percent margins of error. This story was updated at 3:53 p.m. ||||| Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Trump's remarks "bolster" the narrative of IS, the Pentagon says Donald Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric undermines US national security by boosting the Islamic State (IS) group, the Pentagon has warned. The leading Republican presidential candidate has said Muslims should be banned from entering the US, in the wake of the deadly California attacks. But Pentagon press secretary Peter Cook said such talk "bolsters Isil's narrative", referring to IS. There has been a global outcry since Mr Trump made his remarks. US Secretary of State John Kerry joined the onslaught of condemnation on Tuesday afternoon when he said they were "not constructive" in the fight against IS. The IS militants are the target of a US-led bombing campaign in Syria and Iraq. Mr Trump announced his plan days after an attack in California raised US fears about homegrown terrorism. Image copyright AP Image caption Makeshift memorials mark the tragedy in San Bernardino A Muslim couple, believed to have been radicalised, opened fire and killed 14 people at a health centre in San Bernardino. One of the two perpetrators, Tashfeen Malik, reportedly pledged allegiance to Islamic State on the day of the tragedy. But responding to Mr Trump's remarks, the US Pentagon said a border closed to Muslims would harm American efforts to counter extremist ideology. Without mentioning Mr Trump by name, Mr Cook said: "Anything that bolsters Isil's narrative and pits the United States against the Muslim faith is certainly not only contrary to our values but contrary to our national security." Analysis - Anthony Zurcher, BBC News, Washington With Mr Trump's latest rhetorical flourish, Republicans can likely "write off" the support of Muslim US citizens. And his ongoing diatribes against immigration from Latin America aren't going to win the hearts of Hispanics, either. Even if he doesn't capture the nomination, he's pulled his party to the anti-immigrant, nativist right and forced his fellow candidates to take positions that could be harmful when the general election comes around next November. In perhaps the greatest irony, Mr Trump is waging his war with the Republican establishment and the US media with tools that the conservative movement fashioned and had previously used with gusto. Is Donald Trump destroying the Republican Party? The Pentagon's view echoed a tweet from Hillary Clinton that said Mr Trump's proposed ban is "not only counter to our values - it plays right into the hands of terrorists". The outcry was swift as soon as Mr Trump said in a statement on Monday night that Muslims nursed a "hatred" towards America and should be banned "until our country's representatives can figure out what is going on". The property billionaire and reality TV star later said it would not apply to people living in the US. He defended the idea on Tuesday, comparing it to policies implemented by President Franklin Roosevelt during World War Two against Japanese, German and Italian people in the US. Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Donald Trump speaking to Barbara Walters on ABC World News Tonight: ''Somebody in this country has to say what's right'' But Muslim leaders, the UN and foreign leaders have criticised the call as dangerous and divisive, while the White House said Mr Trump should be disqualified from the race. Attempting to explain his comments, Mr Trump said parts of London were "so radicalised the police are afraid for their lives". London Mayor Boris Johnson said that was "ridiculous" and added: "The only reason I wouldn't go to some parts of New York is the real risk of meeting Donald Trump." UK Prime Minister David Cameron said Mr Trump's comments were "divisive, unhelpful and quite simply wrong". Republican leaders were strong in their condemnation. House Speaker Paul Ryan said: "What was proposed yesterday is not what this party stands for. And more importantly, it's not what this country stands for." More on this story Trump's 'highly respected' pollsters- Who are they? Tough talk- Katty Kay on why his rhetoric wins Free speech v hate speech - Would Trump get in trouble in Europe? 'Will the camps have wifi?' - Trump's proposal met with humour online Police 'afraid' in 'radicalised' London- Trump claims officers "are afraid for their lives" Degree disagreement - calls to strip Trump of honorary Scottish degree Most of Mr Trump's rival Republican candidates were equally forthright. But Ted Cruz praised the frontrunner "for standing up and focusing America's attention on the need to secure our borders", although he said he disagreed with the policy. It is not the first time Mr Trump has come under fire for anti-Muslim remarks. After the terror attacks in Paris, he suggested they register on a database and he said the US should refuse all Syrian refugees. ||||| By . Amy Oliver and Damian Ghigliotty . PUBLISHED: . 11:33 EST, 2 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 15:22 EST, 2 November 2012 . It’s not just Hurricane Sandy wreaking havoc in North America this week. The famous hot springs of Haida Gwaii off Canada's west coast have mysteriously dried up following the country's strongest earthquake in 54 years. A Canada parks inspection team found the island’s three main hot spring pools, where water temperatures have been as high as 162F (72C), bone dry and cold to the touch, the National Post reported. Gone: Gwaii Haanas Superintedant Ernie Gladstone stands in one of the now empty pools of Haida Gwaii after a 7.7 magnitude earthquake struck the south west coast of Canada . ...And how it was: In recent decades the remote springs have served as one of the most valued tourist attractions in the region . 'Not even a small puddle (was left),' Ernie Gladstone, a superintendent for Gwaii Haanas National Park Reserve, which includes the hot spring island, Gandll K’in Gwaayaay, told the Post. On Saturday night a massive 7.7 magnitude earthquake struck just off the western side of Haida Gwaii. The tremor eclipsed the 7.0 quake that flattened areas of Haiti in 2010. Luckily Haida Gwaii escaped with almost no structural damage, but residents living on the coast did panic about the possibility of a tsunami. Running out of steam: Reports started coming in soon after the earthquake hit on Saturday that a familiar cloud of steam over Haida Gwaii had disappeared . Mystery: It is not yet known why the pools were drained, but experts believe that hundreds of aftershocks, one just over half a mile away from the centuries-old site, may be to blame . Location: The massive 7.7 magnitude earthquake struck just off the western side of Haida Gwaii . The island's beaches were hit by just foot-high waves. Reports started coming in soon after the earthquake hit that a familiar cloud of steam over the island had disappeared. In recent decades the remote springs on Gandll K’in Gwaayaay have served as one of the most valued tourist attractions in the region. About 2,000 people visit the park each year. 'It’s a very culturally significant site,' Mr Gladstone said. It is not yet know why the pools were drained, but experts believe that hundreds of aftershocks, one just over half a mile away from the site, may be to blame. 'We don’t know if it’s going to come back. We certainly can hope,' Brent . Ward, an earth sciences professor at Simon Fraser University, told the . Post. Joseph Ingraham, a Boston fur trader, sailed into the region in 1791 and reported seeing steam rising from the pools. He dubbed the area 'Smoke Bay.' A 7.9 magnitude earthquake struck the British Columbia-Alaska border in 1958. The total, announced by the Norwegian Foreign Minister, Boerge Brende, exceeded the $4bn (£2.5bn) the Palestinian Authority had asked for. Half the sum would be "dedicated" to work in Gaza, he said, without specifying a use for the other half. At least 100,000 Gazans lost their homes in the 50-day conflict between Israel and Hamas earlier this year. Much of the territory's infrastructure was damaged. Earlier the Palestinian and Egyptian presidents called on Israel to commit to a long-term peace initiative. Mahmoud Abbas and Abdul Fattah al-Sisi urged Israel to give up land seized in the 1967 Middle East war and accept a fair solution for Palestinian refugees in exchange for full recognition. The seven-week Gaza conflict, which ended in a truce on 26 August, killed more than 2,100 Palestinians, most of them civilians, the UN says, along with 67 Israeli soldiers and six civilians in Israel. Speaking at a news conference, Mr Brende said half of the $5.4bn promised would be dedicated to reconstruction, and the assistance would be distributed in response to the daily needs of Palestinians. "This is a major breakthrough, a very important signal of solidarity to the Palestinian people in general and not at least to the people that are suffering so badly in Gaza," he said. Envoys from dozens of countries attended the Cairo conference, which was hosted by Egypt's President Sisi. Qatar alone promised $1bn (£622m). The US pledged $212m (£132m) in new aid, while the United Arab Emirates and Turkey both committed $200m (£124m). European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said donations from member states would reach $568m (£353m). Earlier US Secretary of State John Kerry said that with winter approaching, the thousands of Palestinians displaced from their homes needed urgent help. "The people of Gaza do need our help desperately, not tomorrow, not next week, but they need it now" he said at the conference. He added that anything other than a long-term commitment to peace would be a "band-aid fix". At the opening of the conference, President Sisi urged "the Israelis, both the people and the government" to put an end to the conflict. "We should turn this moment into a real starting point to achieve a peace that secures stability and flourishing and renders the dream of coexistence a reality," he said. Correspondents say some neighbourhoods in Gaza resembled earthquake zones following intense bombardment from Israel during the war. The Israeli air strikes had sought to halt rocket-fire from Gaza. The two sides have fought three wars in six years. Israel was not invited to the conference but Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman earlier said any rebuilding efforts would need his government's consent. "You can't reconstruct Gaza without Israeli participation and without Israeli co-operation," he told news website Ynet ahead of the meeting on Sunday. "In any case, we will try to be positive about the civil infrastructure and the rehabilitation of civilians." Rebuilding depends on Israel allowing in enough construction materials, the BBC's Orla Guerin in Cairo reports. This is a contentious issue because Hamas has used cement to build tunnels into Israeli territory in the past, our correspondent adds. Announcing the UK's $32m donation in Cairo, International Development Minister Desmond Swayne said the international community could not continue to pick up the pieces of the conflict indefinitely. "It is critical that reconstruction efforts now form part of a process of meaningful political change," he said. The Gaza Strip, sandwiched between Israel and Egypt, has been a recurring flashpoint in the Israel-Palestinian conflict for years. Israel occupied Gaza in the 1967 Middle East war and pulled its troops and settlers out in 2005. Israel considered this the end of the occupation, though the UN continues to regard Gaza as part of Israeli-occupied Palestinian territory. Israel exercises control over most of Gaza's borders, waters and airspace, while Egypt controls Gaza's southern border. 5,226 air strikes on Gaza 4,591 rockets and mortars fired at Israel 2,104 people killed in Gaza - UN estimates 69% of deaths are civilians 6 civilians killed in Israel (including one Thai national) 67 Israeli soldiers killed Eggs from black-headed and Mediterranean gulls in most of the 9,000 nests on the harbour's remote islands were taken in May 2016. Charity Birds of Poole Harbour said the eggs - considered a delicacy - were likely to used by restaurants. The nesting gulls are being monitored by Dorset Police's marine unit. The force said the birds would be checked day and night by officers through the breeding season. Joel Brooks, of the force, said: "The collection of birds eggs is illegal unless licensed and no one is licensed to collect in Dorset. "We have wildlife officers from the Metropolitan Police in London making enquiries and checks on the establishments likely to be buying and selling the eggs." Birds of Poole Harbour said there are around 20 "pickers", operating under licenses issued by Natural England, which allows black-headed gull eggs to be collected legally at five sites in England. Restaurants or pubs have to be shown a valid licence before buying eggs to prepare in meals. Paul Morton, who runs the charity, said: "It's been proven black-headed gull eggs are safe to eat - but there has never been a test done by Defra on Mediterranean gull eggs to confirm these are safe for human consumption." The charity said it planned to survey the islands again later in the spring to see what effect last year's thefts has had on the population of the two species of gulls. By . Tim Shipman . PUBLISHED: . 17:19 EST, 27 September 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 17:19 EST, 27 September 2012 . He showed plenty of energy when doing the foxtrot on Strictly Come Dancing. But when it comes to meetings, it seems Vince Cable doesn’t have quite the same vigour. Some mischievous Lib Dems have claimed the 69-year-old Business Secretary is not fit to be a future party leader because he falls asleep at work. Ageism? Allies of Nick Clegg have accused the sexegenarian Business Secretary of falling asleep during meetings . Allies of Nick Clegg made the withering attack on the party favourite after he ran a campaign in recent weeks positioning himself as Mr Clegg’s successor if the Lib Dem leader were to ‘fall under a bus’. He has publicly flirted with Labour leader Ed Miliband, provoking talk that Mr Cable would become Chancellor in a future Lib-Lab coalition. Mr Cable, who will be 72 at the next election, insists that he is not too old for the job. Irritated by Mr Cable’s self-promotion, Mr Clegg’s friends have cast doubt on that claim. One told the Mail that Mr Cable’s diary of meetings is too much for him. The source added: ‘Vince will find it hard to even mount a leadership campaign, let alone be leader. He struggles to stay awake all day as it is.’ Earlier this week Mr Cable, a keen . dancer who appeared on the Strictly Come Dancing Christmas special in . 2010, said: ‘I’ve got one of the toughest jobs in government, I work . hard, I’ve got plenty of energy, I’ve got good health, I don’t see my . age as being a problem.’ His allies say that he ‘cannot envisage circumstances’ under which he would challenge Mr Clegg for the leadership. But they are adamant that he would not stand aside for a younger man if Mr Clegg went. He is likely to have at least three rivals for the job. Energy Secretary Ed Davey has let it be known he would challenge Mr Cable for the leadership. And the Mail can reveal that Home Office Minister Jeremy Browne has also decided to stand if his mentor quits. They are likely to be joined by party president Tim Farron. Mr Cable’s supporters believe he could command respect as a caretaker leader. A friend hit back by saying: ‘What a pathetic smear.’ Mr Cable’s spokesman said: ‘There aren’t many people who could do his job and still have the energy for ballroom, salsa and tango.’ By . Damien Gayle . Grubby: Cleopatra's Needle in Central Park, New York City, which is to be cleaned by laser to eradicate more than 130 years of accumulated grime . Conservationists will use lasers to clean more than a century's worth of New York City grime from Cleopatra's Needle. The project to restore the ancient Egyptian monument, which towers above the east side of Central Park, will also fix sections that have become weak with age. The hieroglyph-inscribed granite pillar, also known as the Obelisk, has stood in the city for more than 130 years. It hasn't been cleaned since its arrival from Egypt. The plan to restore the 3,500-year-old Cleopatra's Needle was announced yesterday by the Central Park Conservancy. The non-profit, which manages Central Park, said tests showed that cleaning with lasers proved to be the most environmentally friendly method, and also the most sensitive to the fragile stone. It is understood that the heat from the lasers will vaporise the filth that has accumulated on the Obelisk over the decades it has stood in the heart of the busy, polluted city. With 2,112 square-feet of surface area to clean, it is a considerable job. The project began this month and is expected to take several months to finish. Alongside the cleaning job, conservationists will also work to stabilise sections of the Obelisk that have become weakened over the ages. After conducting the first comprehensive survey of the monument's surface in its history, they will use glue to make sure that it will be able to weather the next couple of thousand years. Brought to New York in 1881, Cleopatra's Needle is without a doubt the city's most-ancient structure. Despite its name, the Cleopatra of renown had nothing to do with its creation and, in fact, it predates that legendary Egyptian queen by more than a thousand years. It is one of two obelisks carved by stonemasons out of single lumps of red granite about 3,500 years ago in the ancient Egyptian city of Heliopolis. Both New York's Obelisk, and its twin, which sits by the River Thames on London's Victoria Embankment, are inscribed with hieroglyphics praising the Pharoah Thutmose, who reigned from 1479 to 1425BC. It is believed that the pair were originally erected outside a temple, but were then toppled and burned by invading Persians rampaging through Egypt in 525BC. They lay buried in the sands of the Sahara for more than five centuries before Roman Emperor Caesar Augustus discovered them and transported them to Alexandria, where they were re-erected in a temple built in his honour by Cleopatra. Through the ages: The Obelisk is shown on the left in a photograph taken in 1881, just months after it was erected in New York's Central Park. It is without a doubt the young city's most-ancient structure . There they stood until the late-19th Century when, during a surge in interest in Egyptian antiquities, the country's government offered one to Britain and the second to the U.S. In a massive undertaking, a cargo vessel, the SS Denton, was built in an English shipyard especially for the job of transporting America's needle across the Atlantic, a journey of a month. Then, once it arrived at Staten Island's docks, a railway was built especially for the task of transporting it to its new position at the heart of the city. It was finally erected in Central Park on January 22, 1881, with a full Masonic ceremony that was watched by thousands of New Yorkers. Central Park: The restoration of Cleopatra's Needle was announced by the Central Park Conservancy . Twin: Cleopatra's Needle on the Victoria Embankment in Westminster, central London . The Conservancy has called the restoration of Cleopatra's Needle 'the most comprehensive conservation of the monument in nearly 130 years'. In a release, it said: 'The conservation project was developed by the Conservancy with assistance from the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the New York City Department of Parks & Recreation. 'Planning the project began in 2011 and included photographing and scanning the Obelisk to document its condition, as well as a comprehensive survey of the monument’s surface, the first in its history. 'Planning also included testing various methods of cleaning the Obelisk; cleaning with lasers proved to be the method most sensitive to the stone and most environmentally friendly. 'Egyptologists from the Metropolitan Museum of Art believe that fragile areas discovered on the monument’s surface are the likely result of environmental stresses that occurred more than one thousand years ago, as well as natural weathering. 'After they are cleaned, these areas will be treated with adhesive products typically used to conserve granite.' The conservation work is expected to be complete by autumn. When it comes to expensive houses, it’s impossible to beat Buckingham Palace, the luxurious £1billion royal residence of British kings and queens. But according to a new infographic, there’s a private house that’s not that far behind in terms of estimated value. Owned by Mukesh Ambani, the richest man in India, his 'humble abode' in Mumbai, India, is worth £630m and takes the second place in the ranking of the world’s most expensive homes. With facts about the luxurious properties - and their owners - the graph by Comparecamp.com reveals four London homes make the top 10 - as well as three in California, and one in France, New York, Montana, Monaco and Ireland. In fifth place is Lakshmi MIttal's mansion on Kensington Palace Gardens, valued at £140m. Chelsea Football Club owner Roman Abramovich bags ninth spot as his home, not far from Mittal on Billionaire's Row, comes in at £88m. And scraping into the top ten is Elena Franchuk's property on Upper Phillimore Gardens, valued at a cool £81m. As well as profiling the top ten most expensive homes in the world, chat show queen Oprah Winfrey's £54m ($85m) mansion rules the category of the most expensive celebrity homes. New York (CNN) -- Two Pakistani Muslims in Brooklyn are now running the oldest bialy store in the city, and keeping it kosher. Zafaryab Ali and his business partner, Peerada Shah, were shocked on hearing through a friend that Coney Island Bialys and Bagels was closing. Ali had worked at the store for 10 years in the 1990s and remembers it always being crowded, with lines out the door and people waiting up to half an hour for fresh bialys. So Ali and Shah bought the store to keep the 91-year business alive. Bialys are a lighter, softer cousin to the bagel, traditionally made with onion sprinkled on top. "I know bagels and my partner knows management," Ali said. "If we work hard and pay attention, we'll build up and bring more customers in." Ali and Shah are keeping everything the same -- ingredients, equipment, recipes -- all used when it was a kosher store under Jewish management. Ali is now on the hunt for a rabbi to come and give the store an official kosher certification. They even have some of the same staff, like Ernie Devivo, a semi-retired baker who is still helping out around the shop. "I'm glad we opened up again," Devivo said. "It's good for everybody." Asked about seeing the store open again, after a short closure, one customer said, "It's good. It's beautiful." According to the bakery's website, Coney Island Bialys Bakers Co. was started in 1920 by Morris Rosenzweig, who brought the bialy recipe with him from Poland. The family continued to make hand-rolled, traditional bialys for 91 years. The business passed to Rosenzweig's son Don and then to his son, Steve Ross, who began wholesaling the bialys as well, shipping them across the country. Then in August, Steve Ross decided to close. "My son was going to take over, but with the area changing and business slowing down and the economy doing a double take on the recession, it wasn't worth keeping at that point," Ross said. Ali and Shah reopened shop In mid-September, and say that business has been going well. Ross is glad to see his family's store living on. "I've got no problem whether they're black, white, purple, green, yellow. They came in, wanted to keep the business open and wanted to keep the industry going. ... I'm glad it's still there. I'm happy." And Coney Island Bialys and Bagels is still a family business, with Ali, his brother and his nephew all working to keep its traditions alive. "We're sticking with kosher," Ali said. Naseby Battlefield Project (NBP) wants to build the centre at the Northamptonshire site of the decisive battle of the English Civil War. The Heritage Lottery Fund (HLF) has given the group £9,900 to pay for a feasibility study and consultation. NBP will then apply for a grant to build the centre. The battle took place on 14 June 1645, when the army of parliament destroyed the King's army in fields just outside the village of Naseby. The NBP Trustees and Patrons want to create the Naseby Battlefield Visitor Centre as an information resource about the battle itself, the Civil War, the political and social history of the era, the rural environment in the 1600s and what life was like at the time. NBP chairman Lord Arthur Hazelrigg, said: "We are thrilled to have received the support of the Heritage Lottery Fund to develop our plans for a visitor centre that will bring the Battle of Naseby to the national prominence it deserves. Mike Ingram, project trustee, said the centre "would be somewhere to anchor the story and show artefacts of the battle". Europe continues to be blanketed in snow as the cold snap which has so far killed hundreds across the continent shows no signs of stopping. Hundreds of villages across Eastern Europe were today completely cut off as temperatures plummeted in some places to -40C. Rescue teams struggled to evacuate southern Bulgarians where villages flooded after rain and melting snow broke damn walls. All white: Europe continues to be blanketed in snow as the cold snap which has so far killed hundreds across the continent shows no signs of stopping . Frozen: Lampposts are covered in the ice of waves in the Croatian Adriatic coastal town of Senj . Clear up: Volunteers clear the snow from the ice on the route of the intended Dutch Elfstedentocht (Eleven City Races) skating marathon in Sneek, Netherlands, today . A man enjoys the ice the typically Dutch way, on a bicycle, while others skate and walk on Prinsengracht canal, Amsterdam, Netherlands . Residents were also warned that there was more snow to come - which would be followed by severe floods when the temperature finally starts to rise and the snow melts. Meanwhile temperatures in Britain are due to plummet . to as low as -13C, with the big freeze due to last well into the weekend. Around 146 towns and villages in Romania were isolated with no road or train connections because of blizzards. Up to 174 villages had no electricity, said Alin Maghiar, spokeman for Romania's emergency department. Electricity was also cut off to 300 towns and villages in Bulgaria, roads were closed and several border checkpoints with Romania and Turkey were shut, the Interior Ministry said. An 18-month-old Siberian tiger plays in the winter snow at Skopje zoo . Smothered: Italy has also been blanketed in snow, which has disrupted schools, transport and general day to day life . Ice babies: A squirrel devours a nut Lazienki . park in Warsaw, Poland (left), as a swan sits on partly frozen water in . Strasbourg harbour (right) Play time: Children and adults stroll on a frozen lake in Hamburg, Germany, despite warnings not to do so from national officials . Melting . snow caused a dam wall to break and flood an entire village in southern . Bulgaria yesterday. Four people drowned and more than 50 were . evacuated. Four more people died when their cars were swept away by high waters. Iliyan . Todorov, from the village of Biser, told Trud newspaper: 'It was . terrifying. We were warned that the tsunami was coming only five minutes . before the wave came. We survived by a miracle.' European Commissioner for Crisis Response Kristalina Georgieva added that 'the worst is yet to come' after visiting the village. A snow covered train tracks are seen in the town of Alexandria, northern Greece . Ice covers the seafront of the Adriatic coastal town of Senj, Croatia . A boy slides down a hill on a plastic sheet in . Bucharest, Romania, while cars remain covered by snow in the village of . Mercogliano in southern Italy . Snow patrol: A police car battles blizzards and limited visibility on the A2 motorway which connects Bucharest to Constanta . Stroll: A hiker walks in front of a frozen . waterfall in Oberhaslach, eastern France (left), while another walker . goes along the ice covered landscape of the Tamina gorge in Bad Ragaz, . Switzerland . Hard hit: Ukraine has been the worst affected by the cold snap, with 135 confirmed dead so far . She . told bTV: 'The next two weeks may be really hard. The warmer weather . will cause melting of the snow and the situation will most probably . worsen.' Ukraine has been . hardest hit, with 135 people confirmed dead so far and forecasters . saying bitter temperatures, as low as -30C, would continue for at least . another eight days. The . Black Sea ports of Varna and Burgas have been forced to close due to . strong winds, and Romania's main port of Constanta was also shut. Authorities in Serbia said they were preparing to use explosives to break ice on the rivers Ibar and Danube. Warming up: A Georgian man exercises near the frozen Tbilisi reservoir today as the snow shows no signs of letting up . Tough times: A woman waits for a bus in Kosovo's capital Pristina (left) as a snow truck battles against the elements near the village of Dardhishte (right) Predrag Maric, head of the Interior Ministry's emergencies department, said: 'An ice cap half a metre deep has formed on the Ibar near Kraljevo and there is a real danger that it could cause the river to overflow into the city.' He said 62miles of the Danube were freezing over and that it would also be mined. Eleven people have died so far from the cold and snow in Serbia, with the latest victims a 62-year-old man found dead close to his home near Arilje, and a woman killed by falling ice in the capital Belgrade. Serbian power provider TENT, which provides more than 60 per cent of the country's electricity, said it was managing to maintain supplies but was working at full capacity in 'extreme' conditions. A sunken houseboat is seen on the frozen Zwanenburgwal canal in Amsterdam after its water pipes burst . Making use: People skate across frozen canals in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, which have been closed to commercial shipping . People skate on the frozen Prinsengracht canal in Amsterdam, Netherlands . To the south in Albania, the Kukes lake on the border with Kosovo - supplying a hydropower plant at Fierze - was frozen over for the first time in more than a decade, putting more pressure on already strained power supplies. The cold weather has increased demand for gas in many European countries. Italy took emergency measures yesterday to deal with what it called critical shortages of Russian gas. Supplies to other members of the European Union mostly improved at the weekend but remained below normal. Russia, which supplies about a quarter of Europe's natural gas, reduced westward flows through pipelines across Ukraine last week citing greater domestic demand because of the extreme weather. Race horses are exercised on the snowy gallops in Malton, North Yorkshire, England . Snow covers boats on a frozen section of the Sava river in Belgrade, Serbia . Mush! A competitor speeds through the snow with his Siberian huskies during a dog race in Clausthal-Zellerfeld, Germany . LONDON, England (CNN) -- Valerie Gooding is in the top five most powerful businesswomen in Europe as named by the Financial Times. She runs global health and care organization BUPA and under her leadership it has grown to over 8 million customers in over 190 countries and record revenues. CNN's Todd Benjamin spoke to her in London and began by asking her why there are so few women at the top. She said it goes beyond family issues. Gooding: Women sometimes don't put themselves forward for things. And one of the things I think about and talk about a lot is that women often lack confidence to go for the next job, the top job. They sometimes don't wish to compete or they don't think they're good enough for the next thing. Benjamin: Why do you think that is? Gooding: Partly a lack of role models, partly it may be conditioning from a very early age about what the role of women is in society and the family, in work. But also I think there is still -- I don't like to call it a glass ceiling, but I think there is still an unseen barrier for women, which is that, if you ask most business people, would they like to promote more women, they would all say yes, they'd love to: "Where are these women, I want to promote them," will be the answer. But often they don't really automatically think of a woman first for a top job. Benjamin: And what advice would you give to women who want to try and make it to the top? Gooding: Well, first of all, to learn as much as you can and to make sure you've got the right experience, the right qualifications, and to enjoy each job for its own interest and job satisfaction. But I think another piece of advice I would give to women is not to be afraid to put themselves forward and say what it is they want, because I think one thing that happens with women, which perhaps is a gender difference, is that women often hang back and think "I will be noticed for my results, everybody will see how great I am because I've delivered these exceptional outcomes". But actually life isn't like that, you have to tell people about your results and your achievements, and men are often better at doing that than women are. Benjamin: What do you think separates good leadership from great leadership? Gooding: Well, I think good leaders should be judged on their results. And I think of a good leader you should be able to say "she transformed the business," "she upped the performance," "she exceeded the expectations of the stakeholders." I think of a great leader I would go to that old Chinese saying, "of a great leader the people will say "we did it ourselves"". Benjamin: Do you think that women in general as managers are more inclusive than men? Gooding: No, I don't. In fact, I sometimes find these gender differences, when sort of represented in the business environment, are actually just not very useful. I think men and women have very different styles of leadership as individuals and I don't think it goes down to straightforward gender divide. Because I have seen women who are more autocratic and more leading from the front and more dictatorial, and I've equally seen men who are very consultative. So, I don't just think it divides that way. Benjamin: You clearly love what you do. What is it about business that you think is such a buzz? Gooding: It's the constant challenge, there's always something new, there's a new competitor, there's a new pressure, there's a new opportunity, there's a new challenge, I think that's what keeps us all going. I think it's the thrill of the chase, basically. E-mail to a friend . Ronald Koeman has revealed he wants to make Ryan Bertrand's loan deal at the club permanent. The 25-year-old is currently on his seventh loan spell from parent club Chelsea, but appears to have finally found his rhythm and has been impressing Southampton's manager. Bertrand was brought in as a replacement for Luke Shaw, who moved to Manchester United in the summer for £31.5million. But while Shaw has struggled to make an impact at his new club, Bertrand is playing arguably the best football of his career. Ryan Bertrand has impressed during his loan spell at Southampton, and his deal could become permanent . 2006: Bournemouth . 2007-08: Oldham Athletic . 2008-09: Norwich City . 2009-10: Reading . 2010-11: Nottingham Forest . 2014: Aston Villa . 2014-15: Southampton . When asked whether he was interested in signing Bertrand on a permanent basis, Koeman told the Southern Daily Echo: 'If we have the money, yes. If its up to me, yes. 'Maybe it's too early to talk about that, but I am very happy until now with the performance of Ryan.' Bertrand won both the Champions League and Europa League with Chelsea, but his career stagnated in the years that followed. Now, Koeman believes regular football is helping him to develop once more. He said: 'Ryan got the opportunity (at Southampton) to play every weekend what he missed in Chelsea, he’s still a young player and the best way to develop yourself is playing every weekend.' Southampton manager Ronald Koeman (right) said he would like to sign the left-back on a permanent deal . Bertrand won the Champions League with Chelsea in 2012, but his career has stagnated since then . Foraging teacher Mark Williams reckons we should eat more weeds. He is urging shoppers to turn their backs on "tasteless imported Spanish lettuce" and instead head into the wild to fill our salad bowls. Even in February, he says there are dozens of alternatives to shop-bought greens growing in abundance along the coast, in woodland and even in towns and cities. And he has drawn up a list of six plants - or are they weeds? - which could grace our dinner plates tonight. Mr Williams, who lives in Dumfries and Galloway and runs foraging courses, said: "None of them are in any way rare, in fact most are considered weeds. "People expect foraging to be about looking for (possible rare) things, but it's really just about recognising abundance. "Throughout the year, I can pick well over 300 different edible wild plants, fungi and seaweed within walking distance of my home in Gatehouse. "Even in towns and cities, the list is huge." The forager, who also runs a website offering advice on sourcing wild food safely and responsibly, says: "People worry about poisoning themselves by misidentifying something, but it only takes a tiny bit of effort to learn the few things to avoid. "More people get ill from eating mass produced commodities than from eating the wrong wild plant. Mr Williams says: "Provided you follow the first cardinal rule of foraging, nothing can go wrong: never eat anything that you can't identify with 100% confidence, and know is safe to eat." If you have ever detected the smell of garlic as you wander through woodland in the springtime, it is likely you passed by a crop of wild garlic. These fragrant, small green leaves are abundant in open, well-established deciduous woodland and shady hedgerows. They have been at the forefront of a renaissance in wild food in recent years, according to Mr Williams. He said: "It isn't hard to work out why: it is easy to find, delicious and fairly straightforward to identify. "In most areas of the UK, there is absolutely no need for anyone who lives anywhere near a park, woodland or shady riverbank to spend a single penny on spring onions between February and July." Despite its abundance, he urged foragers to pick wild garlic considerately, not clearing large areas. In the kitchen, wild garlic works well with cheese - in pesto, for example - and it can be used to make excellent soups of sauces. A note of caution however: although wild garlic is fairly straightforward to identify as it has a distinct smell of garlic, its leaves can be confused with lily of the valley, autumn crocus, daffodils, snowdrops and lords and ladies - all of which are toxic to humans. Find more information on how to identify wild garlic here. "If you come across a plant that reminds you of wild garlic, but has narrower leaves and less of a garlic smell, you may have found wild leeks," said Mr Williams. "These aren't the hulking great Frankenstein leeks you might expect to find in shops and gardens, but something tender and elegant, much more closely resembling spring onions." Most common in the west of Scotland and the north of England, they start to grow between November and February They can carpet vast areas and can be found in parks, hedgerows and woods, often in urban and suburban areas. Mr Williams added: "Be aware that crocuses, snowdrops, daffodils and bluebells grow around the same time and can be mixed through wild leek colonies. "They are all toxic, but unlikely to do you much harm. If in doubt, wait for the distinctive flowers to appear." He said wild leeks can be used in place of spring onions, cooked or raw, and are particularly tasty in pesto, hummus, salads and sauces. Find more information about wild leeks here. Not very hairy or bitter, this little weed is loathed by gardeners. But they make a very tasty addition to any salad, according to Mr Williams. "They have overtones of rocket and watercress and come in lovely little garnish sized rosettes," he said. "Great in a roast beef sandwich or crab salad, or to spice up any salad." Found in gardens, field edges, flower beds and even window boxes, it is at its best between March and August. Find out more about similar plants - all varieties of cardamines - here. Ideal for a winter salad is pink puslane, an easy-to-come-by plant with an earthy beetroot flavour. It is quite common in damp, shady wood edges, on riverbanks and hedgerows and it available all year round. Mr Williams said the distinctive leaves often form extensive mats made of many rosettes - between April and June pale pink or white flowers with five petals can help identify it. He added: "I love to employ its earthy flavour in winter salads with pickled fish, beetroot and elderberry vinegar, though it works well as a mild "bulker" with sharper-tasting leaves in spring. "When you find a good patch, harvesting is quick and efficient - simply hold the tops of the rosettes and cut off below. It grows back within a few weeks." Find more information about pink purslane here. It's a common weed that can be found growing from cracks in pavements, but Mr Williams says chickweed is a "delight to eat - though you may wish to avoid that which grows in dog-walking areas." He said its mild flavour means it is perfect for bulking out salads of wild leaves. It can also be found in grass and beds in parks and gardens, on waste ground and under trees in fields. Identify it by looking for small, white, star-like flowers made up of five deeply notched petals. If in doubt, close inspection will reveal a single line of hairs running down one side of the stem only. There's more information about chickweed here. Watercress can be found in mild coastal areas, in shallow slow-flowing streams and ditches, all year round. Its peppery leaves are well worth harvesting but Mr Williams warned that it really should be cooked before it's eaten. The plant is prone to infestation by the cyst stage of a parasite when it grows in land containing livestock. The forager said: "This means if you eat it uncooked, you are at risk of them hatching into liver flukes inside you - which obviously isn't pleasant. "Fortunately, it also makes fantastic soup or flan filling (I combine it with parmesan) and cooking destroys the parasite." Care must also be taken that no lethal hemlock water-dropwort is growing through the plant when it is harvested - anyone planning to forage aquatic greens should learn to recognise it first. For more about wild watercress, click here. The hackers behind a devastating cyberattack at Sony Pictures have sent a new message to executives at the company, crediting them for a "very wise" decision to cancel the Christmas day release of "The Interview," a source close to the company told CNN. The email message was received by Sony's top executives on Thursday night and was obtained by CNN. The source said that the company believes the email was from the hackers because it followed a pattern of previous messages, sent to a list of particular executives and formatted in a particular way. A Sony spokesman declined to comment. Also on Friday, President Obama said he disagreed with Sony's decision. "I am sympathetic to the concerns that they face. Having said all that, yes I think they made a mistake," Obama said at a White House press conference. "We cannot have a society where some dictator someplace can impose censorship here in the U.S.," he added. Related: FBI: North Korea responsible for Sony hack The FBI has officially linked the cyberattack at Sony to the North Korean government. "The destructive nature of this attack, coupled with its coercive nature, sets it apart," the FBI said in a statement. The Motion Picture Association of America called the hack a "despicable, criminal act" on Friday. "This situation is larger than a movie's release or the contents of someone's private emails," said Chris Dodd, CEO of the lobbying group. "This is about the fact that criminals were able to hack in and steal what has now been identified as many times the volume of all of the printed material in the Library of Congress." The hacker message is effectively a victory lap, telling the studio, "Now we want you never let the movie released, distributed or leaked in any form of, for instance, DVD or piracy." The message also says, "And we want everything related to the movie, including its trailers, as well as its full version down from any website hosting them immediately." It warns the studio executives that "we still have your private and sensitive data" and claims that they will "ensure the security of your data unless you make additional trouble." The email was titled "Message from GOP." The anonymous hackers have called themselves "Guardians of Peace." Sony is still reeling from the late November cyberattack that crippled its computer systems, and now it is under severe scrutiny for canceling the Christmas release of "The Interview," Seth Rogen and James Franco's comedy about an attempted assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. U.S. officials now believe North Korea instigated the hack, lending credence to the Sony executives who privately started calling it a "terrorist act" weeks ago. Since the cancellation on Wednesday, the same executives have been wondering whether the leaks of private emails and corporate documents would now stop. Thursday night's message implied that the leaks will stop. In a statement on Wednesday when the film's release was scrapped, the company said "we stand by our filmmakers and their right to free expression and are extremely disappointed by this outcome." Many lashed out at the studio for its unprecedented decision to pull the movie. Others have rallied around Sony's predicament. George Clooney, in an interview with Deadline.com on Thursday, revealed that he had circulated a petition earlier in the week saying "we fully support Sony's decision not to submit to these hackers' demands" -- but no one was willing to sign it. "It was a large number of people. It was sent to basically the heads of every place," Clooney said without naming names. The petition said, "This is not just an attack on Sony. It involves every studio, every network, every business and every individual in this country," and it concluded, "We hope these hackers are brought to justice but until they are, we will not stand in fear. We will stand together." It's outdated now, since Sony did cancel "The Interview." In the interview, Clooney expressed sadness that "as we watched one group be completely vilified, nobody stood up." ||||| Federal investigators on Friday accused North Korea of carrying out a damaging computer attack against Sony Pictures Entertainment, blaming the Stalinist government for an intrusion that exposed corporate e-mails, wiped out computer data and underlined the cyber capabilities of one of the United States’ top adversaries. American officials had privately said that they believed North Korea was behind the hacking incident discovered last month. But the new claim marks a significant escalation — the first time that the United States has openly laid blame on a foreign government for a destructive cyberattack against an American corporation. “The FBI now has enough information to conclude that the North Korean government is responsible for these actions,” the bureau said in a statement, adding that the conclusion was based in part on a “technical analysis” of the malicious software used in the attack, which “revealed links to other malware that the FBI knows North Korean actors previously developed.” The FBI also said the attack was linked to several Internet protocol addresses “associated with known North Korean infrastructure.” The attack came in apparent retaliation for Sony’s planned Christmas Day release of “The Interview,” a comedy built around the assassination of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un. The company decided earlier this week to cancel the movie’s release in the face of hackers’ threats. President Obama, during an end-of-year news conference Friday, criticized Sony for that decision, saying he believed it was a “mistake.” Addressing North Korea's hack of Sony at his end-of-year news conference, President Obama said the movie studio erred in canceling the film. “We cannot have a society in which some dictator someplace can start imposing censorship here in the United States,” he said. (AP) “We cannot have a society in which some dictator someplace can start imposing censorship here in the United States,” Obama said. “Because if somebody is able to intimidate folks out of releasing a satirical movie, imagine what they start doing when they see a documentary that they don’t like or news reports that they don’t like.” The Sony hack marked the first known intrusion by North Korea into private U.S. computer networks. And unlike the vast majority of intrusions into U.S. company networks, aimed at stealing data for commercial benefit or intelligence purposes, the Sony attack was intended to strong-arm the company into pulling the movie. North Korea’s actions were “intended to inflict significant harm on a U.S. business and suppress the right of American citizens to express themselves,” the FBI said. “Though we have seen many different types of intrusions targeting U.S. networks, the destructive nature of this attack, coupled with its coercive nature, sets it apart from typical cyber incidents,” a senior administration official said. The FBI said technical analysis of the data-deletion malware used in the attack revealed links to other malware the FBI had linked to North Korean hackers. It found similarities in specific lines of code, encryption algorithms, ­data-deletion methods and compromised networks. The bureau said it saw “significant overlap” between the servers used in this attack and servers used in other attacks that the U.S. government has linked to North Korea. For example, the FBI found that malware used in the Sony attack was communicating with control servers known to be used by North Korean hackers. The FBI noted that the tools used in the attack bear similarities to a cyberattack in March of last year against South Korean banks and media outlets, which was carried out by North Korea. The authorities in Pyongyang have publicly denied involvement. On Friday, the group that has claimed credit for the attack, calling itself the Guardians of Peace, was said to have sent Sony executives a new message praising them for canceling the release of “The Interview” but warning them to “never” let the movie be “released, distributed or leaked,” according to CNN. Obama said his advisers are preparing a “range of options” to respond to North Korea’s attack. “We will respond proportionally,” Obama said, “and we will respond at a place and time that we choose.” Sen. Robert Menendez (D-N.J.), the outgoing chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee, sent Secretary of State John F. Kerry a letter urging him to consider redesignating North Korea a state sponsor of terrorism in the wake of the cyberattack. Although officials said the attack against Sony was of a “destructive” nature, it did not meet the traditional definition of a “destructive attack” under international law, which involves death, injury, or damage or destruction of physical objects, such as computers. At the same time, experts said, the intrusion appears to have violated U.S. sovereignty. “International law permits all sorts of responses” in such a case, said Michael Schmitt, director of the Stockton Center at the U.S. Naval War College. “Could we hack back at another state? Strike back at them in cyberspace, shutting down their command-and-control? Absolutely,” he said. “It could be actions that otherwise violate international law in order to force the other state to resume compliance with international law.” The Sony hack has raised North Korea’s profile as a country capable of launching a malicious cyberattack. In terms of U.S. adversaries, its capabilities are still below those of Russia and China, and, analysts say, about even with those of Iran, but this case shows that a country’s cyber operators need not be in the top tier to carry out a highly damaging attack. The public attribution of the attack to North Korea is a watershed moment, said Dmitri Alperovitch, co-founder of CrowdStrike, a cybersecurity firm that has investigated cyberattacks by North Korea against South Korea. Traditionally, government officials have resisted naming nations behind cyberattacks for fear of compromising sources and methods. “Today, the ceiling was broken,” he said. “No significant damage has been done. It will put more pressure on the government to [name culprits] in the future.” Alperovitch offered a suggestion to officials weighing a response to North Korea. “Release the movie online for free,” he said. “That would send a signal that the whole world can watch the movie and free speech will not be suppressed.’’ Sony Pictures said in a statement Friday that it is looking for “alternatives to enable us to release the movie on a different platform. It is still our hope that anyone who wants to see this movie will get the opportunity to do so.” Cecilia Kang contributed to this report. ||||| An Australian appointed as the most senior official in Parliament will be totally out of her depth, Betty Boothroyd said last night . An Australian appointed as the most senior official in Parliament will be totally out of her depth, Betty Boothroyd said last night. In an astonishing attack, the popular former Speaker of the House of Commons declared the selection of Carol Mills a mistake. MPs are also raising questions about the new Commons clerk, an appointment made by a panel led by Commons Speaker John Bercow. Michael Fabricant, a Tory, said Mr Bercow must reverse the decision and claimed the episode ‘posed serious questions again about his judgment’. Lady Boothroyd urged Mr Bercow to ‘remember he is not the master but that he is the servant of the House’ and should not act without consulting colleagues. She told the BBC: ‘I’m very sorry for this lady, Miss Mills, because she is totally out of her depth, she has no experience, she has no knowledge of the constitutional role of a parliamentary clerk.’ Miss Mills heads the department of parliamentary services in the Australian Senate in Canberra – a job that involves managing catering and other services but does not involve extensive understanding of the country’s constitution. As Commons clerk she would be required to give the Speaker detailed advice on parliamentary procedure and law – as well as acting as Commons ‘chief executive’. Tory MP Jacob Rees-Mogg said: ‘Unfortunately the candidate who has emerged does not know the Australian constitution let alone the British. 'She used, apparently, to run the Sydney Opera House. 'This doesn’t sound like the level of qualification needed to be the most senior constitutional adviser not just to the Speaker but to every individual member of the House of Commons.’ The popular former Speaker of the House of Commons Lady Boothroyd declared the selection of Carol Mills a mistake (left). MPs are also raising questions about the new Commons clerk, an appointment made by a panel led by Commons Speaker John Bercow (right) MPs are also raising questions about the new Commons clerk, an appointment made by a panel led by Commons Speaker John Bercow . He said the job should have gone to David Natzler, deputy to outgoing Sir Robert Rogers, who had a difficult relationship with Mr Bercow. Mr Natzler has reportedly asked for documents relating to the selection process – raising suspicions he may challenge the decision to overlook him. The row exploded after a senior Australian parliamentary official, Rosemary Laing, wrote an email casting serious doubt about Miss Mills’s suitability for the £200,000-a-year post. The note reportedly expressed the ‘disbelief and dismay’ among her colleagues. A spokesman for the Speaker said: ‘It was a thorough and very fair recruitment process.’ The Queen’s formal approval will be sought within days. Former Blues boss Bruce has "great memories" of the four derby wins he enjoyed over Villa when they first got promoted to the Premier League in 2002. But he has only one priority now as Villa manager - and that is winning. "I want Blues to stay up but I want to beat them this Sunday," he told BBC WM. "I'm one of the privileged few who've managed both clubs. But my allegiance is to the club who employ me and I have to remain professional. "I will be desperate to turn them over just as like I would be if I was in the opposing dug-out." Added to two draws in the 2003-04 season, Bruce's Blues initially went unbeaten in his side's first six derby games with Villa before they then lost twice to David O'Leary's team in 2005-06. That was capped by a key Easter Sunday 3-1 defeat, highlighted by a stunning Gary Cahill overhead kick, which helped send Bruce's side down. When the two sides met again, in November 2007, a 2-1 home defeat by Martin O'Neill's Villa proved to be his last game before he resigned in disillusionment at the way the club was being run in the middle of a long-drawn-out takeover to join Wigan Athletic. While Bruce bowed out from Blues with a derby game at St Andrew's, it book-ends Sunday's derby quite nicely that Harry Redknapp should be beginning his reign as Birmingham City boss in the reverse fixture at Villa Park. With three games left, prior to Saturday's games, Blues were three points clear of trouble after an awful run of just two wins in 24 matches since making the decision to replace Gary Rowett with Gianfranco Zola in December. "With the predicament Blues already find themselves in, and with Harry now coming in, it adds that extra bit of spice," Bruce told BBC Sport. "Overnight, a manager goes and someone like Harry comes back in. If they wanted to add some spice, then, Harry being Harry, they've got it. Even at 70, you can see he's still got that enthusiasm. It never leaves you. "They'll need that bounce too as it looks like they'll need a win in one of their last three games. "They've been on a tough run but I'm sure he's confident he can keep them up. "He's wonderfully experienced. He and Steve Cotterill will try and breathe a bit of confidence into them." Steve Bruce knows better than most what it means to be turned down by his country. Largely regarded as one of the best uncapped players never to play for England, he was then interviewed for the job of manager when Roy Hodgson stood down last summer, only for the Football Association to opt for the ill-fated appointment of Sam Allardyce instead. Had Bruce been in charge of the FA, it would have been Redknapp's job and not Hodgson's in the first place, back in 2012. "He made a very good Tottenham manager and, in many people's eyes, and mine too, I thought he was a stick-on for the England job," said Bruce. "No disrespect to Roy Hodgson. who is another very good football man but, we all thought Harry deserved it. "It didn't go his way, for whatever reason. But nobody would have denied him the chance because of what he's done for the game. "His teams always play in the right way and are attractive to watch, he always produces very good players and he's just a really, really good football man. I'm glad to see him back. "He might be 70, but he's still got that sparkle about him. I don't know if he had retired or not but his enthusiasm is there for all to see. It's in his blood. " Traditionally, and still a big talking point for older fans, Aston Villa's main rivals in the West Midlands have always been West Bromwich Albion, as well as another founder member of the Football League, Wolves. That all changed when Blues returned to the top flight under Bruce in 2002, to help rekindle the second city derby, for the first time since Villa won promotion from the old Division Two at the first attempt under Graham Taylor in 1988. "There'd been no derby for 15 years before that, which added to it," said Bruce. "And I was shocked at the ferocity of it. "You can talk about the great derbies, the North East derby and the Glasgow derby. But this is always a great derby too. This is a big occasion for the supporters of both teams." And he has a double message to both fans and players. "There's a rivalry," he said. "But let's not take it past that. This is the second city of this country. Go and roar your head off, go and have your beers, but leave it at that. "And, on the pitch, it's about the ones who can handle the pressure in a huge atmosphere. You get carried away with the game and do stupid things. You just hope it's a bit of individual magic that wins the game and not a mistake. "We had a bad Easter weekend. We made more mistakes at Fulham than we had in two months. "If we can stop that, we'll give ourselves a chance." Steve Bruce was talking to BBC Sport's Mark Regan and Pat Murphy About 50 people attended a protest at Blackpool North after Chad Vickers was fired from his post, the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) said. It added that the police found "no evidence at all" and his removal by Northern Rail was a "farce". The rail operator said it was "confident this dismissal was fair". Adrian Thompson, human resources director for Northern Rail, added: "We never rush to dismiss our staff. Dismissal is always a last resort." The union's general secretary Mick Cash said: "There is no compelling CCTV evidence, the police found no forensic evidence and management could come up with very little in anecdotal evidence to support the decision to dismiss Chad." Northern Rail said it would continue a normal service this weekend despite the 48-hour strike, which started on Saturday midnight. Media playback is not supported on this device Irishman McGregor, 27, will attempt to claim the 29-year-old Brazilian's title in Las Vegas on Saturday. McGregor told BBC Sport his meeting with the man rated the best pound-for-pound fighter in UFC would generate upwards of $100m (£65.7m). "It's a big one - like they all are when I'm involved," he added. "It's up there as one of the biggest fights in combat sport history." Dubliner McGregor has been credited, along with former women's bantamweight champion Ronda Rousey, with widening the appeal of mixed martial arts. He was initially set to face Aldo in July until the Brazilian - whose last defeat came 10 years ago - pulled out with a rib injury. McGregor beat Chad Mendes with a second-round knockout to be named interim featherweight champion. "I simply see victory," said McGregor. "I simply see dominance - a clear-cut first-round KO. "I'm not just going to beat Jose. I'm going to embarrass Jose in there. I don't need to gather any more intel, any more research. It's done. He has already lost." Aldo said: "I'm going to hit him, and he's going to sleep. "I always beat Americans, and this time I'm going to beat an Irishman." One of hate preacher Anjem Choudary’s top henchmen was able to skip bail and flee to Syria because of police blunders. Siddhartha Dhar, 31, disappeared less than 24 hours after being freed on police bail by Scotland Yard detectives investigating Choudary’s inner circle. They asked him to surrender his passport under strict conditions designed to prevent him promoting al-Muhajiroun, the banned extremist group founded by the fanatic preacher. Scroll down for video . Siddhartha Dhar, circled, disappeared only 24 hours after being released on police bail, the follower of Anjem Choudary, centre, took a coach to Paris with his family before travelling on to Syria . But instead, the Islamic convert, known as Abu Rumaysah, took a coach from London to Paris and headed to the Islamic State war zone with his young family. Last night outraged critics said it beggared belief that a high-profile terrorist suspect could slip through the grasp of police. Dhar, a darling of TV interviewers repeatedly given a platform on the BBC to promote his radical views, had publicly stated that he wanted to live under the Islamic State. Just weeks before his arrest, he told one interviewer that he was willing to renounce his British citizenship if it meant he was allowed to travel. He was a key member of al-Muhajiroun and offshoot groups such as the Shariah Project, masterminding ‘roadshows’ in London that aimed to recruit troubled youngsters to Islam. It was at one of these that he is believed to have met, and possibly mentored, Michael Adebolajo, one of the murderers of Fusilier Lee Rigby. Dhar and nine other men, including Choudary, were held in raids in London and the Midlands in September on suspicion of supporting al-Muhajiroun. Dhar was among nine men including Choudary, right, held and questioned by police in September . They were also questioned on suspicion of encouraging terrorism before being released on bail and ordered to return to police stations in December. Police wanted to impose strict bail conditions to prevent them associating with each other, promoting extremism or going overseas. But it can now be revealed that Dhar fled to Syria with his wife and four young children the day after he was released. The details emerged at a bail hearing at Westminster Magistrates’ Court in which Choudary and other suspects demanded the return of their identity documents. Asked why Dhar was not in court, prosecutor Luke Ponte said he boarded a coach for Paris on September 27. He said: ‘He failed to comply with the conditions to surrender his travel documents to police. It’s my understanding that he is no longer in the jurisdiction and that he is currently in Syria.’ The court refused to hand back the identity documents. Former shadow home secretary David Davis said it ‘beggars belief’ that Dhar could escape so easily. ‘To allow him to surrender his own passport, rather than take it off him, seems at best careless and at worse a terrible error of judgment,’ he added. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Shoppers could soon be automatically recognised when they walk into a shop using a controversial new camera. Called Facedeals, the camera uses photos uploaded to Facebook to recognise people as they walk in. Shoppers who agree to use the system, which has not been developed with Facebook, will be offered special deals. Scroll down for video . Facedeals - a new camera that can recognise shoppers from their Facebook pictures as they enter a shop, and then offer them discounts . A promotional video created to promote the concept shows drinkers . entering a bar, and then being offerend cheap drinks as they are . recognised. 'Facebook check-ins are a powerful mechanism for businesses to deliver discounts to loyal customers, yet few businesses—and fewer customers—have realized it,' said Nashville-based advertising agency Redpepper. They are already trialling the scheme in firms close to their office. 'A search for businesses with active deals in our area turned up a measly six offers. 'The odds we’ll ever be at one of those six spots are low (a strip club and photography studio among them), and the incentives for a check-in are not nearly enticing enough for us to take the time. 'So we set out to evolve the check-in and sweeten the deal, making both irresistible. 'We call it Facedeals.' The Facedeal camera can identify faces when people walk in by comparing Facebook pictures of people who have signed up to the service . Facebook recently hit the headlines when it bought face.com, an Israeli firm that pioneered the use of face recognition technology online. The social networking giant uses the software to recognise people in uploaded pictures, allowing it to accurately spot friends. The software uses a complex algorithm to find the correct person from their Facebook pictures . The Facebook camera requires people to have authorised the Facedeals app through their Facebook account. This verifies your most recent photo tags and maps the biometric data of your face. The system then learns what a user looks like as more pictures are approved. This data is then used to identify you in the real world. In a demonstration video, the firm behind the camera showed it being used to offer free drinks to customers if they signed up to the system. Channel 4 has confirmed Immigration Street â€“ a follow-up to Benefits Street â€“ is being filmed in Derby Road. At a meeting organised by Newtown Residents' Association (NRA) on Tuesday, residents were urged to refuse to co-operate. Producer Love Productions said it was not aiming to cause division. Benefits Street was a big hit for Channel 4 but was criticised for its portrayal of people living in poverty. Derby Road residents have raised concerns about how the show will portray immigration and stigmatise the area. More than 100 people attended the heated meeting at the Maytree Nursery and Infant School. Nazrul Chaudhery, chairman of the NRA, said people were concerned about being labelled. He said: "It doesn't matter who goes on it, you'll be labelled as immigrant or something in that way." Labour MP Alan Whitehead, whose constituency includes Derby Road, said: "I think the show is fundamentally misconceived. "I think it's quite wrong that a company sticks a pin in the map and says 'that's Immigration Street', regardless of the reality of the area, and then does a programme on it. I think they should think again and I hope they will." Kieran Smith, creative director of Love Productions, told the meeting: "We would never come and film a series in order to cause division, or where there is harmony, cause disharmony. "We're here to film for six to seven months the lives of the residents of Derby Road. "We're on Derby Road because it's an incredibly diverse street with a history of immigration. "Just like on Benefits Street - the reason we were there was because there were a lot of benefits claimants there - but then the programme became about other themes." Filming began eight weeks ago and more than 30 people have already been interviewed for the series, which is due to be broadcast next year. (CNN) -- Driven by a hard-line faction of conservatives, Washington has done something terribly stupid: shutting down the national government. Most of America is aghast. But it is also just possible that doing something stupid will help us avoid doing something truly dangerous. Shutdowns are a lousy way to run a government. Just for starters, this one has cut off services to women and children in need, furloughed hundreds of thousands, further shaken the confidence of the public, sent a shudder through the financial world and created new storm clouds over the economy. And once again the world is wondering about our capacity for leadership. But all of this damage pales in comparison with the danger posed by a second, lurking threat: a default on our public finances. The United States has had 17 government shutdowns since 1977 and has generally recovered well. But we have never had a default. Experts, while not fully certain, are convinced that it could be hugely destructive -- even leading to a worldwide financial meltdown. Unless Congress and the White House get their act together, we could default in less than three weeks. But a shutdown could have a silver lining. It could be such an electric shock to the political system that it forces the politicians in Washington to settle their squabbles before the default deadline. What we know from past shutdowns is that not only citizens -- especially older ones dependent on Social Security and Medicare -- start raising hell, but so do business and financial leaders who see damage rippling across their economic interests. Politicians are increasingly seen as villains. Pressure tends to grow so unbearable that eventually Washington finds a solution. Most of the pressure this time will be directed toward Republicans who have misplayed their hand. A new poll by CNN/ORC shows that 46% of Americans blame the shutdown on Republicans, seeing them as spoiled children. Thirty six percent blame President Obama, and 13% point fingers at both. Seasoned GOP leaders across the country know that if the shutdown does serious damage, chances of Republicans picking up Senate seats in 2014 and the White House in 2016 could evaporate. Those leaders will push intensely for a way out. But Republicans are not the only ones who will come under pressure to find a settlement. So will Democrats, starting with President Obama. We expect our presidents to be leaders of all the people, not a single party or ideology. We want them to rise above the squabbling and keep us on track. The harsh rhetoric that the president has been directing at Republicans suggests that he is less interested in settlement than unconditional surrender. Moreover, as Republicans make their counterarguments, it is becoming increasingly apparent that they have some valid questions. Is Obamacare truly ready for prime time? Shouldn't the two parties work together on the tax code? When is Washington going to get serious about overhauling the entitlement programs so they will survive for coming generations? Yes, conservative hard-liners have chosen the wrong place to fight; arguments over Obamacare are no excuse to shut down the government. Yes, hard-liners like Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, are creating deeper partisan divides. But Democrats can ill afford to continue rejecting any talks or negotiations. Now that the shutdown has happened, Obama has a fresh opportunity -- indeed a fresh responsibility -- to seize the mantle of leadership and get us out of this mess. Instead of just blaming the Republicans, he should call in the leaders of both parties and in Lyndon Johnson fashion, keep 'em talking till they get a deal. With the shutdown underway, the president has new leverage to say, "Look, we are here to negotiate a settlement so that we can reopen the government. We are not here to negotiate over a possible default; I have said all along that I won't do that. But those of you who have been listening closely know that I have also been saying that I am open to conversations about settling our policy differences so that we can keep the government running. "Tax reform, entitlement reform and even some tweaking of the Affordable Care Act are on the table now. I have only two conditions: I will not accept a gutting of Obamacare -- we settled that at the ballot box in 2012 -- and any settlement here must include a pledge not to let the country go into default. So, let's get started." Would it work? Who knows for sure? But one thing is clear: If enough Americans rise up now and pressure politicians in Washington to call off this circus, we could not only end this foolishness over a shutdown, but we could also avoid a truly dangerous default. And we could hold our heads up again. The opinions in this commentary are solely those of David Gergen. A North Carolina man who used to work for Al Sharpton has claimed that his former boss met an undercover agent posing as a drug dealer three times. Robert Curington revealed the background to how he says Sharpton fell for the FBI trap in 1983, and claims the preacher was motivated by greed. The 72-year-old, who was convicted of drug charges in the 1970s, made his claims to the New York Post after it was revealed this week that Sharpton had been an FBI informant. Denial: Al Sharpton says allegations that he met an undercover agent to discuss a drug deal three times are unfounded . Curington was working for Sharpton's National Youth Movement in the 1980s at the time of the FBI sting, which was caught on camera. Sharpton claimed this week he only showed an an interest in the proposed drug deal because he feared for his life. He said that he had been threatened by mobsters who felt that he was competing for their handle on the music industry. Curington wasn't at the meetings with the undercover agent posing as a drug dealer wanting to traffick coke, but he claims that Sharpton met the man three times. He told the Post that the first meeting with the agent, using the undercover name of Victor Quintana, was at the New York boxing office of Don King in 1983. The agent had set up a meeting with King to discuss a boxing match in the Bahamas, but Curington says King was suspicious and instead arranged for him to meet Sharpton. 'King was sly - he knew something was . off about this. So he kept him downstairs and let his . new best friend Al Sharpton talk to him,' Curington claimed. On tape: Footage shows Al Sharpton in a cowboy hat unknowingly meeting an undercover FBI agent in 1983 . Claims: New reports suggest these taped undercover videos were used to get Sharpton to agree to work as a paid informant . He added that Sharpton 'would spend cash taking him to dinner and . chauffeur him around in a limo, feeling him out'. While the pair were out to dinner the agent allegedly suddenly said: 'I know where 10 kilos of cocaine are and we can make some big money on this.' Curington claimed that Sharpton was accompanied by an adviser who intervened, saying: 'Hold it. This meeting is over. You come in here talking about boxing and now you're gonna talk about cocaine? Let's go.' Curington wasn't at the restaurant with the men but he claims Sharpton was reluctant to leave. A second meeting was set up, this time at a hotel, and again when cocaine was mentioned Sharpton's advisers called off the meeting and left. But Curington claims Sharpton set up a third unaccompanied meeting, images of which were leaked from FBI surveillance tapes in 2002 which showed him wearing a cowboy hat. High profile: The Rev Al Sharpton, center, leads a march to the New York Mayor's residence in 1988 . Curington alleged that Sharpton was told he would get $3,500 per kilo and, when he 'moved on it, they spring the trap on him right away'. 'Al told me himself. He bit and took the bait,' Curington told the Post. 'Sharpton said they could do whatever . they wanted with him after that. Because they had him. 'Either he worked for them or they put that news out there that he was . into coke.' He added: 'I said, "Why are you talking to these types of people?" He was just greedy. It was all for money.' On Friday Sharpton denied that he had attended three meetings with the agent, when cocaine was discussed. 'Bob Curington is blatantly wrong,' he said. Sharpton also denied claims by his former employee that he took cocaine. Vincent Asaro, 80, is accused over the theft of $6m in cash and jewels from a cargo hold at JFK airport in 1978. The robbery was depicted in Martin Scorsese's 1990 film Goodfellas. Mr Asaro is pleading not guilty. His lawyer says the case relies too heavily on witnesses testifying to avoid long jail sentences of their own. "When necessary, they lie to each other, and they lie to save themselves," Diane Ferrone told jurors at the start of the trial in New York. The prosecution alleges that Mr Asaro worked as part of the Bonnano crime family alongside the late James "Jimmy the Gent" Burke, who was played by Robert de Niro in Goodfellas. "He knew Burke was someone he could make money with," Assistant US Attorney Lindsay Gerdes said in court. "For him, the Mafia was literally the family business. The defendant is a gangster through and through." While Mr Asaro is not accused of directly taking part in the robbery, he is alleged to have delivered gold chains from the heist to a mob leader. The goods stolen would now be worth close to $20m (Â£13m). He is also accused over the murder of a suspected informant who was strangled to death with a dog chain. Washington (CNN) -- While administrations come and go, and power in Congress teeters between political parties, one thing remains constant in the lives of Washington, D.C.'s, elite: the power lunch. Between noon and 2 p.m., brokers meet to clinch deals, with the emphasis more on power than on lunch. Just steps from Capitol Hill, Charlie Palmer is one of the places to see and be seen at lunchtime. Depending on the week, the modern American steakhouse serves between 70 and 80 congressmen and between 20 and 30 senators. "I'd bet we've had every member of Congress and every senator in the restaurant at some point," says Matt Hill, executive chef for the famed eatery. It's not just the proximity to Capitol Hill that draws Washington's elite to Charlie Palmer. The restaurant has several private dining areas -- including a rooftop with scenic views of the city -- and an executive chef who prides himself on serving homemade, inventive fare. "We do anything, we've got senators from Hawaii that come in, and they ask for Hawaiian hors d'oeurves, we've got, you know, people from Texas that ask for things from Texas," Hill says. "So, we can really vary the menu, and it makes it interesting for me to try to come up with new ideas." Thirty-seven years ago, Tommy Jacomo moved to Washington with his brother and built The Palm with his bare hands. Now, as executive director of the famed power spot, Jacomo is known by Washington's elite as the keeper of the keys to The Palm. Everyone knows him. "It's pretty frightening, yeah, you can't even walk down the street sometimes, Jacomo said. "People say, 'Hey, Tommy! Put me down for two at 12:30,' and I don't even know who the hell they are." The Palm has hosted every president from Richard Nixon to Bill Clinton. President Obama has yet to make a visit. But it's not just presidents who visit The Palm. White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel has frequented the restaurant since the Clinton administration. Cabinet secretaries including Madeleine Albright, administration officials, senators and representatives, Supreme Court justices, the city's top lobbyists, lawyers, strategists and media elites are all regulars at the Dupont Circle steakhouse. And if you become a regular, you get your picture on the wall. "People used to think when we first opened up that we had all the [portraits of] Republicans on one side and all the [portraits of] Democrats on the other side," Jacomo said. "It's not really as much thought behind it. It just goes up, it's good customers, loyal customers, famous people, infamous people, and I decide where I want to put them when I get the chance," he joked, pointing out the minimal space left on the wall. Not everyone is willing to put their picture on the wall. James Carville and Mary Matalin, who are political strategists and CNN contributors, chose to have their dogs' portraits on the wall instead of their own. While steakhouses remain a favorite, not all power restaurants dish out filet mignon. Steps from the White House are three of Washington's oldest power spots: The Oval Room, which serves up American fare; Bombay Club, which is Indian; and Old Ebbitt Grille, which also specializes in American cuisine. Cafe Milano, in Georgetown, and The Monocle and Johnny's Half Shell, on Capitol Hill, also remain abuzz with some of the most prominent people in Washington. Italian restaurant Posto on 14th Street has become a favorite among younger administration staffers because of its laid-back atmosphere and expansive dining room. Posto's sister restaurant Tosca, owned by Paolo Sacco, has kept D.C.'s top lobbyists and politicians coming back since it opened in 2001. Not only known for the power scene and homemade Italian cuisine, Tosca has set itself apart from others by having some of the most attentive waitstaff in the city. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, known by friends as a big foodie, has dined at Tosca, as have Emanuel and Obama adviser David Axelrod. The Washington Post reported that former Sen. Tom Daschle convinced then-freshman Sen. Obama to run for president at the Italian eatery. The newest member of the Supreme Court, Justice Sonia Sotomayor, is known by friends as a "very adventurous diner." She is a fan of Lebanese Taverna, in Woodley Park, which serves up Middle Eastern fare. Serving up inventive sushi dishes like a fish-and-chips roll, or wasabi guacamole with wonton chips, SEI in Penn Quarter has established itself as a newcomer to the power scene, along with its neighbors Rasika and Oyamel -- all reported to have recently hosted first lady Michelle Obama. "One of the things that's been sort of fun to watch over the course of this year is the Obamas have eaten out in a wide variety of places," says Garrett Graff, editor of Washingtonian magazine. "You've seen them come and get burgers up here on the Hill, you've seen them go out for burgers in Virginia, you've also seen them go out to some of the nicest restaurants in the city, like Citronelle and Blue Duck Tavern, where they went this fall for their anniversary dinner. But then you see Barack eating on his own -- he's going to a place like Ben's Chili Bowl or he's going to a place like Ray's Hell Burger." Graff points out one top restaurant at which the Obamas have yet to dine. "They still haven't been to what is widely considered to be the city's best restaurant, which is a small Greek place near Dupont Circle called Komi," Graff said. "But one of the challenges with a place like Komi is that it's very small and books up far in advance, so it might be hard for the Obamas to sort of drop in there like they've been dropping in at a lot of these other restaurants." Cornwall Council is spending the money to rejuvenate the seafront at Crooklets and Summerleaze beaches in Bude. Some council taxpayers described the plans as a "total disgrace" at a time when many public toilets have shut. The huts will be leased on an annual, weekly or daily basis and the authority said the cost could go up. John James, Natural Environment Officer at Cornwall Council, said it was a worthwhile investment. "They are getting a bit tired and require some investment. We've looked at the popularity of it and the waiting list, we've got a number of people actually waiting to acquire a beach hut. They're very, very sought after," he said. "The prices will increase from next year when the new huts are in so was can actually re-coup our investment." However some council taxpayers described the plans as a waste of money and said it would be better spent on keeping public toilets open. Cornwall Council has decided to stop funding for running public toilets from 1 April 2016, saying it needed to find savings of £196m. A number of public toilets have been devolved to town and parish councils, some have been transferred back to private landowners and others are out for tender. Penny Carrington from the Bude Tourist Information Centre said the move will ensure the future survival of the huts. "They are part of what makes Bude 'Bude'. They've been there for years... They're really important to people - local people and visitors," she said. The Labour, Plaid Cymru, Conservative and Liberal Democrat leaders say a vote the month after May's assembly election could confuse voters. They say a later referendum would give both polls the "respect" they need. The leaders say a June referendum would also affect election campaigning in London, Scotland and Northern Ireland. There has been speculation David Cameron intends holding the referendum on 23 June, depending on the outcome of an EU summit in February. On Monday, the Welsh government said the EU vote should be "sufficiently distant" from the assembly election. In the letter, published on Wednesday, Labour's Carwyn Jones, Tory Andrew RT Davies, Plaid's Leanne Wood and Lib Dem Kirsty Williams say: "A June referendum date would mean that the campaigning period for the referendum would overlap with the campaigning for the May elections to our national assembly. "The simultaneous existence of multiple party political campaigns and EU referendum campaigns would in itself pose practical and logistical difficulties, but the greater problem that we anticipate is the potential for confusion as a diverse range of issues is presented to the electorate. "This is not just a matter of respecting the integrity of the Welsh electoral debate, but of affording the EU referendum campaign the respect it deserves." Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has also warned it would be "a mistake" to have the referendum so soon after the devolved elections. Mr Cameron has pledged to hold the referendum by the end of 2017. This weekend will see the final ten contestants parade before millions of viewers in the glittering finale of Miss World 2013. But the glitz and glamour of the iconic competition has been overshadowed by an ongoing outcry from Muslim extremists. Protestors have threatened to attack the pageant, which they have branded as . 'pornography' and a 'whore contest'. The US embassy in Jakarta warned that: 'Extremist groups may be planning to . disrupt the Miss World pageant…potentially through violent means,' Scroll down for video . Final ten: Miss World contestants who were selected as top 10 in the fashion show pose during the event at the convention centre in Nusa Dua, on Indonesia's resort island of Bali . The growing movement has prompted the . government to order the entire event be moved to Hindu-majority Bali, . where extremist influence is minimal. Originally only the early rounds were due to take place on the island, . with later rounds and the September 28 final to be held in and around . the capital Jakarta. But some hardliners are now claiming they will travel to Bali to protest. Haidar Al-Hamid, head of the East Java province branch of the Islamic Defenders Front (FPI), told The Jakarta Globe: 'We are going to protest against it, because it is unacceptable.' Al-Hamid said that the . group planned to head to the island on Saturday, although they will face . a tough time as main entry points will be heavily guarded. However, Adjie S. Soeratmadjie, corporate secretary of TV network RCTI, which is . broadcasting Miss World and helping to organise the pageant, told the . paper: 'We are confident that the police will do everything necessary to . ensure safety.' In a . nod to conservative public opinion, organisers have decided that the . contestants will not wear bikinis during the 'beach fashion' round of . the event. Instead, they will cover up with garments such as sarongs, which avoid revealing the body shape. Miss Brazil: Sancler Frantz Konzen of Brazil poses ahead of this weekend's final, which has moved from Jakarta to the resort island of Bali due to the ongoing protests . Protests: Miss Philippines Megan Young (C) on the catwalk. Extremists are threatening to attack the pageant's final which they have dubbed 'pornography' Conservative: In a nod to public opinion, organisers have decided that the contestants will not wear bikinis during the 'beach fashion' round of the event . Talent: Wei Wei Yu of China poses during the top model show. The final will see models walk in traditional outfits and face a question and answer session before a panel of judges . Security: Miss England, Kirsty Heslewood on the catwalk. This weekend will see hundreds of policemen guard the competition . Despite the axing of the bikini round, protests are rife and almost . 500 police, including traditional Balinese security personnel known as . pecalang, have been deployed to guard Miss World venues as a result. The final will . last several hours and contestants will don Indonesian-designed dresses . as well as being faced with a question and answer round . from a panel of judges before a winner is crowned. Julia Morley, chair of the Miss World Organisation, told AAP that the decision to ban the swimsuit section was taken in order to show 'respect' for the hosts and other participating countries. 'I don't want to upset or get anyone in a situation where we are being disrespectful,' she said. The decision comes after a series of controversies surrounding Western singers performing in Indonesia. Last year Lady Gaga cancelled a concert in the country when radical Islamists threatened to burn down the venue where she was performing in protest at her outlandish outfits. Respect: Miss United States Olivia Jordan. The decision to ban the bikini round comes after a series of controversies surrounding Western singers performing in Indonesia . Final: Miss Italy, Sarah Baderna, struts her stuff. The final will last several hours and contestants will don Indonesian-designed dresses . Attack: 'Extremist groups may be planning to disrupt the Miss World pageant - potentially through violent means,' said the US embassy in Jakarta (L) Miss Brazil Sancler Frantz Konzen (R) Miss Cyprus, Kristy Marie Agapioy . It seems like hipsters are here to stay with the bearded, kale-munching, green juice-drinking members of society creating their own non-conforming offspring. As hipsters breed, it is only fitting that they choose ironic names, inspired by music, art, geographical locations and nature – or sometimes just random letters of the alphabet. When Gwyneth Paltrow announced to the world that her children were named ‘Apple’ and ‘Moses’ the names were considered abnormal. But the kindergarten classes of 2020 are likely to be filled with children with monikers inspired by fruit. They’re the names that make you feel like you haven’t applied nearly enough wit or innovation in the naming of your own children. Beard-twirling, kale juice-drinking hipsters seem to be taking over the baby name game . Here is a list of the names that are most likely to be attached to the cardigan-wearing, thrift-store shopping bubs. Bear, according to Buzzfeed, has frequently been used as a name by celebrities, shared by the sons of both Alicia Silverstone and Kate Winslet. One would think that the prominence of the name amongst celebrities would make it strictly off bounds amongst hipsters. Despite this, it is indeed a favourite name amongst the glasses-wearing, bike-pedalling members of society – especially if it is the ‘spirit animal’ of the parent. Often, the secret to a hipster name is taking a name that is intended for one gender and giving it to a child that is of the other sex. Embracing all things vintage is an important component when naming a hipster child. For girls, names like Edna, Mabel, Edie and Ramona are climbing the hipster charts. There are bouncing baby boys boasting the names Ray, Stanley and Ignatius. But remember – these names cannot hit the top 100 baby names. As soon as they do, they are no longer original, thus cannot be used for a truly hipster baby. Should we named it Edna, Mabel, Edie or Ramona? Ray? Stanley? Ignatius? He'll probably ride a fixie and work as a barista . Names normally used for objects, with Clementine and Pearl frequently used for little girls. Plant and food names are also particularly popular, such as Clover, Juniper, Magnolia and Olive. Amazingly, Kale is even more multipurpose than first thought. It is not just a hipster superfood, used frequently in salads and juices, but is also understood to be a boy’s name . Names that appear to be nicknames, such as Frankie, Lulu are also markers of true hipster names. For hipsters naming their babies it is an opportunity to demonstrated just how cultured and well-read they are. Classic novels are the birthplace of many hipster names. Of course, the books that are used cannot be mainstream favourites, but rather the long-forgotten treasures. The beloved 1960 novel ‘To Kill A Mockingbird’ by Harper Lee has inspired two of the favourite names amongst the hipster community: Atticus and Scout. Gulliver is another hipster pick, naturally spurred from the 1726 text ‘Gulliver’s Travels. Atticus, Scout and Gulliver are among the literary-inspired hipster name choices . Holden and Salinger are two names that should be expected in future schoolyards, both derived from ‘Catcher in the Rye’ – Holden being a character in the novel and Sallnger the surname of the author, J.D. Salinger. If the name begins with an X, Q or Z it is preferable, as they are highly uncommon – which remember, is the goal when naming a hipster child. These names include Xena, Zola, Zeus . Many of the character names from The Simpsons are becoming popular are they now hold a certain irony – so expect to see more people bearing the names Homer, Mo, Maggie and Lenny. Just because hipsters are becoming parents, doesn’t mean they’re not cool. To remind the world of this fact, many children’s names have been inspired by the names of old-school rock stars. The name Elvis is having a resurgence, as is Jagger – a la Mick. Buddy is a nod to Buddy Holly and Everly is used for both baby boys and girls, perhaps in reference to the Everly Brothers. Naming children after geographic locations is a special way for hipsters to commemorate memories - with good times obviously frequently occuring at places such as Arizona, Aspen, India and Brooklyn, which are increasing in popularity. Considering the number of hipster's residing in Sydney however, one can expect Tamarama or Glebe to soon be inked on baby certificates. Some names channel the kind of personality the parents want for their child. Some hipster parents are optimistic, choosing names like Serenity. Others are more daring, gifting their future ratbag with the name Rebel or Truant. Champagne and Blackmail, which were directed by the British master of suspense during the late 1920s, will be shown with live musical accompaniment. A three-month long season will also see all 58 of his films - including Psycho, Vertigo and The Birds - screened. Actors Tippi Hedren and Bruce Dern will also take part in live events. Speaking at a launch in London on Tuesday, Heather Stewart, the BFI's creative director, said that the BFI had wanted to get out its "big guns", like other big cultural organisations, during Olympic year. "The idea of popular cinema somehow being capable of being great art at the same time as being entertaining is still a problem for some people," she said. "Shakespeare is on the national curriculum, Hitchcock is not." She said that in the same way that Picasso had changed the face of modern art, Hitchcock was also a game-changer. "After Psycho, in particular, film-making could never be the same again." An open-air screening of Blackmail, directed by the 30-year-old Hitchcock in 1929, will be staged in the forecourt of the British Museum on 6 July as part of the BFI's involvement in the London 2012 Festival celebrations. The film will feature a live score by award-winning composer, musician, writer and broadcaster Neil Brand, performed live by an ensemble of 18 musicians. A short clip of Blackmail was screened at The Genius of Hitchcock launch event, accompanied by the new score. Describing Hitchcock as an "incredibly seductive" film-maker, Brand said he had not tried to replicate the music of the silent era. "This is for an audience now." Hitchcock's 1927 boxing drama The Ring will be shown at the Hackney Empire, with jazz and hip hop artist Soweto Kinch providing live music and fellow Mercury prize nominee Nitin Sawhney will score The Lodger: A Tale Of The London Fog. After performing a live saxophone solo over a clip from The Ring, Kinch said: "The dance sequences in this film have travelled really well with time. There's a particular beat and a tempo that means I'll be able to twin the old with the new." Film critic and chairman of the London Film Critics' Circle Jason Solomons said of the Hitchcock retrospective: "What strikes me is the modernity of the project. We're seeing him now as a cool indie British film-maker." The BBC's home of 2012: Latest Olympic news, sport, culture, torch relay, video and audio He added: "Music is the first step to reframing how we see cinema. There are different strains of world music and it proves that his films belong to all of us." Both The Ring and Champagne will be screened live on The Space - a digital arts service which has been developed by Arts Council England in partnership with the BBC and BFI. Ruth Mackenzie, director of the London 2012 Festival, told the BBC: "Alfred Hitchcock is one of the great artists of the 20th Century and like all great artists he makes us look at the world differently - and he makes his art form transform itself after his input." The BFI on London's South Bank will also house an exhibition paying tribute to Hitchcock, who died aged 80 in 1980. Over his career, spanning six decades, the director was nominated for five Oscars - but won just one honorary statuette, in 1968. The world's largest collection of movie posters boasting artwork from almost every single film ever made has emerged for sale for $7.8 million (£5 million). The colossal archive features 196,000 posters from more than 44,000 films which have been made since the birth of cinema in the early 1900s and has been single-handedly pieced together by one avid collector over the last 50 years. Morris Everett Jr, from Cleveland, Ohio, has dedicated his life's work to seeking out original posters from every English-speaking film ever made and compiling them into a comprehensive library. The Prince and the Showgirl starring Marilyn Monroe, film from 1957, is part the collection . Breakfast at Tiffany's, starring Audrey Hepburn in 1961 is part of the 196,000 strong poster collection . Highlights of the collection include one-of-a-kind poster from 1927 silent film Metropolis said to be worth $47,000 (£30,000) alone, plus original artwork from film classics like Breakfast at Tiffany's, Gone with the Wind and The Wizard of Oz. But it also includes posters from more modern epics like The Godfather, The Terminator, Pulp Fiction and Titanic as well as films right up to the present day. Mr Everett Jr, 73, is a historian-turned-collector whose passion for posters began in 1961 while he was still at university. Instead of following in his father's footsteps by collecting stamps he discovered movie posters and set about building a collection. The first two posters he bought were for 1961 romantic drama Splendor in the Grass, starring Warren Beatty, and the 1938 flick The Charge of the Light Brigade with Errol Flynn. Casablanca, starring Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman in 1942 was collected by the historian . Morris Everett Jr, from Ohio, stands with some of his movie posters - the world's largest collection . He has since acquired posters and entire collections from all over the world and is the only person attempting to acquire posters from every film made. In 1991 Mr Everett Jr set up the Everett Collection, turning his hobby into a business by licencing images of his posters. He has grown it into the world's largest collection which is stored in bank vaults. Now in his seventies, Mr Everett Jr has decided to sell up so that he can see his life's work enjoyed by others. The collection is tipped to make $8 million - around £5 million pounds - when it goes under the hammer in one lot at Los Angeles saleroom Profiles in History. Metropolis, a silent movie from 1927 is the first movie poster that started Everett's collection . Gone With the Wind, from 1939, is one of the original movie posters in the collection . That equates to just $39 (£25) for each poster, but incredibly, experts say if the collection was sold individually it could be worth up to $23 million (£15 million). Mr Everett Jr said: 'I started collecting 53 years ago when I asked a friend of mine who had a small collection of posters where he got them and he told me about a store in New York called Movie Star News. 'When I went on vacation I went to that store and bought posters from Splendor in the Grass and Charge of the Light Brigade. 'I come from a collecting family and that was where my collection started. 'I bought a collection of 6,000 pieces in the late 1960s and from then on I started buying up other people's collections. 'It became my goal to collect a poster from every single English-speaking film ever made. The Mummy, from 1932, is part of the collection that is set to sell for a whopping $8 million . The Wizard of Oz movie poster, filmed in 1939, will go under the hammer in one lot at a California saleroom on December 17 . 'There were only two people in the world at the time collecting posters from every single title. They are both now dead and I acquired both their collections. 'I wanted my collection to be comprehensive, capturing the history of countries through film. 'I bought small collections and large collections, and I even got into financial troubles doing so, but I always considered it a hobby rather than an investment. 'That was until the late 1980s when I went through a divorce and I had to look at my financial situation. 'I realised that instead of investing in the stock market I invested in movie memorabilia. 'I opened a store in Hollywood and a store in Cleveland buying, selling and trading movie posters. 'There's no other collection in the world that even comes close to mine in terms of its comprehensiveness covering movie posters from 1907 right up to the present day. Girl From 10th Avenue movie poster, filmed in 1935, is part of the comprehensive library . 'There are many one-of-a-kind pieces in there. This collection couldn't be replicated today. 'I'm selling the collection now because I want to see the collection go to a good home while I am living and save my family the trouble of dealing with 196,000 posters when I'm gone. 'The collection is unique and it is being sold as a single entity rather than individual lots because I would love it to remain as a whole. 'The crazy thing about it is that even though I've listed my posters for sale I'm still collecting and adding to it. I want to make it the very best I can. 'It's been so much fun putting this collection together and I feel very privileged to have been able to do it. A collection of the 196,000 posters Morris Everett Jr has collected can be seen in this picture . 'It will be a strange feeling not owning it any more but at the same time there will be a small sense of relief at making life a little more simple.' Auctioneers have described the sale as 'a once in a lifetime opportunity'. Joe Maddalena, owner of Profiles in History, said: 'The Morris Everett Jr. Collection is the most substantial and significant vintage movie collection in the world and will feature several-one-of-kind treasures never before offered to the collecting public. 'The items exemplify classic Hollywood, reflecting the true lure of Hollywood's Golden Age.' The auction will be held on December 17. The collection of the 196,000 movie posters (pictured) boasts artwork from almost every single film made in the last century . By . Emma Innes . PUBLISHED: . 09:41 EST, 15 May 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 12:12 EST, 15 May 2013 . British doctors have helped a 12-year-old Ghanaian girl with a rare leg deformity to walk again. The doctors carried out two ground breaking operations during which they had to break both her legs in three places. Gloria Abeka, from Accra, will spend more than eight months in the UK recovering from the operations to correct her bowed legs, which also involved pinning them with 22 screws. Gloria Abeka, 12, has Blount's disease which caused her legs to bend inwards below the knee meaning she struggled to walk and could not play with her friends . She is now able to sit and stand and she will soon be able to walk and play with friends for the first time. She said the doctors who helped her have changed her life. Gloria suffered a rare bone disease called Blount's and had grown accustomed to pain and disfigurement. The condition - a severe growth disorder which caused both her legs to bend and twist inwards below the knees - left Gloria dependent upon crutches and a wheelchair, unable to play with friends or sit in comfort. Blount's disease is a growth disorder of the shin bone that causes the lower leg to angle inward. It occurs in children and the cause is unknown but it is thought to be due to the effect of weight on growing bone which prevents the inner part of the tibia from developing normally. Gloria met consultant anaesthetist Keith Thomson when he was in West Africa with the charity Mercy Ships - he offered to find a British doctor who could treat her. Images show X-rays of her leg before and after surgery . The condition is progressive and is most common among children of African ancestry. Glora met Basingstoke-based consultant anaesthetist Keith Thomson last August during one of his regular visits to Africa with the charity organisation Mercy Ships, which provides free medical care and treatment to poor people in West Africa. The youngster's plight inspired Mr Thomson to launch a UK-wide email hunt for a surgeon who might be able to help, which led him to Vel Sakthivel, a consultant orthopaedic surgeon at Southampton Children's Hospital, who specialises in complex knee problems. Gloria and her mother Mercy Yeboah, 54, were flown over to meet Mr Sakthivel last August. Vel Sakthivel, a consultant orthopaedic surgeon at Southampton Children's Hospital, broke each of her legs in three places and used 22 screws to reshape them. Gloria is pictured with her mother, Mercy Yeboah . He assessed her and agreed to perform two ground breaking operations to extend both shin bones to allow her to stand up straight. ‘I have seen children with this condition to a much smaller degree in the past but the severity really was the worst I have seen so far - an extreme case,’ he said. Mr Sakthivel, and his anaesthetist Andy Wilkins, invited Gloria back to undergo a radical procedure which involved breaking her right leg in three places, known as a triple tibial osteotomy, to correct the distorted shin bone with a graft, three metal plates and 11 screws. Gloria can now stand and sit down with straight legs and will soon be able to run and play with her friends . After spending three months with family and friends in Slough, Berkshire, recuperating and undergoing intensive physiotherapy, Gloria made good progress and returned to Southampton in March for the same procedure on the other leg. Mr Sakthivel said: ‘This sort of extensive surgery is very rarely required in the western world and, to my knowledge, has not been reported in the UK before. It was an extreme case that required something very different if we were to have any hope of success.’ He added: ‘Much credit must also go to Mr Adrian Wilson, a consultant orthopaedic surgeon at Basingstoke Hospital, and paediatric physiotherapist Bev Pinnick for their help in arranging an excellent and much-needed specialist physiotherapy programme.’ Although still in the process of regaining strength and movement, Gloria is now able to sit and stand with straight legs. ‘I am so, so happy,’ she said. ‘I have spent my whole life with very bowed legs and have never been able to join in games with my friends, feel normal or be without pain. ‘My mother calls my surgeon Mr Sakthivel “the magician” because she says he worked a true miracle on me.’ Gloria, who is hoping to return home with her mother in the next three months, added: ‘I cannot thank him and Dr Thomson enough for what they have done for me - they have changed my life.’ Local officials say at least 119 people have been killed with scores more missing in several mountainous provinces. Entire villages in the north and east are reported to be under snow. President Ashraf Ghani visited Nuristan province which lost at least 70 people. He travelled to the Bargmatal district, where 57 people were killed. "Natural disasters can hurt any country, but it is hurting us most, because the war has limited our abilities," he said. "We can't help the needy people in the way that we should." On Monday he paid tribute to "160 countrymen [who] have been martyred" in the last six weeks, pointing out that hundreds of homes have been destroyed in snow and rainfall in Nuristan, Badakhshan, Parwan and Ghazni provinces. A villager from Nuristan's Barg-e-Matal district told the AFP news agency that people were using "any tools possible" to dig through huge piles of snow and locate their buried loved ones. "We have no contact with several villages and districts," Abdul Rahim said. "A lot of people are still under the snow, we have to rescue them as soon as possible." Mr Rahim's village has been inaccessible since Sunday, when avalanches and heavy snow first struck the area. Army helicopters have been deployed to distribute aid as rescuers on the ground continue to fight their way through snowdrifts to reach remote avalanche-hit towns. But the drifts, blocked roads and the hazardous terrain have hampered the rescue operation in Nuristan where local media have reported on the plight of villagers left to fend for themselves over the last three days. Deadly avalanches are regular occurrences in Afghanistan's higher areas throughout winter and spring, and rescue efforts are often slowed down or made less effective because of shortages of equipment. Some mountainous areas of Badakhshan are only accessible overland for three months a year. Hayne played in Australia's National Rugby League from 2006-14 before joining the San Francisco 49ers. "The Olympics has been something I have admired since I was a little boy, and it is an opportunity I feel similar to me joining the NFL," said Hayne, 28. "The Fiji sevens team reached out to me. I could not pass that chance up." Australian Hayne, whose father is Fijian, signed for the 49ers as a running back in March 2015. Media playback is not supported on this device He played eight games for the 49ers, managing 52 yards on 17 rushes and also catching six passes for 27 yards. "Jarryd is a tremendous example of what can happen when you commit to a goal and do everything in your power to make it a reality," 49ers general manager Trent Baalke said in a statement. "He earned the right to wear a 49ers uniform and compete alongside the best in the game. We fully support Jarryd's decision to pursue another dream." Before joining the NFL, Payne was one of Australian rugby league's highest earners and was voted the best player in the NRL in 2014. He also represented Australia 12 times, scoring 11 tries. Hayne will travel to London to join up with Fiji before the Sevens World Series finale at Twickenham next weekend. Former newspaper editor and ex-Downing Street communications chief Andy Coulson was found guilty Tuesday of conspiracy to hack phones in what is widely seen as an embarrassment for British Prime Minister David Cameron. But another of Rupert Murdoch's former newspaper chiefs, Rebekah Brooks, was unanimously cleared of all charges at the Old Bailey court in London after an eight-month trial, her lawyer said. Brooks was overcome by emotion in the courtroom as the verdicts were read out, the UK's Press Association news agency said. She left the Old Bailey accompanied by her husband, Charlie Brooks, but did not stop to speak to the waiting media. The jury went home Tuesday night without coming to a decision on charges of conspiring to commit misconduct in a public office against Coulson and former News of the World royal editor Clive Goodman. Jurors will return at 11 a.m. (6 a.m. ET) Wednesday to resume deliberations. Tuesday's verdicts came three years after it was revealed that journalists on News of the World hacked the phone of then-missing teenager Milly Dowler in 2002, raising hopes that she was alive and checking messages, when in fact she had been murdered. The resulting public and political outrage led to the closure of the 168-year-old paper and the setting up of a public inquiry to examine journalistic ethics. At the time the schoolgirl's voice mail was intercepted, Brooks was editor of Britain's top-selling News of the World, and Coulson was her deputy. After Coulson succeeded her as editor, Brooks edited The Sun newspaper, and she later became chief executive of the parent company, News International. Coulson resigned as News of the World editor in 2007 after its then-royal editor, Goodman, and a private investigator, Glenn Mulcaire, were jailed for hacking into voice-mail messages left for royal aides. Coulson denied any wrongdoing and later became Cameron's director of communications. The former editor resigned from his Downing Street position in 2011 as coverage of the phone hacking scandal broadened. Cameron: Hiring Coulson 'wrong decision' Cameron, who has faced criticism for hiring Coulson, gave what he called a "full and frank apology" Tuesday in a statement to the media, saying he took "full responsibility" for his former aide's recruitment. The Prime Minister said he had decided to give the former editor "a second chance" on the basis of promises Coulson had given that he did not know about phone hacking. "I am extremely sorry that I employed him, it was the wrong decision, and I am very clear about that," Cameron said. He added that there had been no complaints about the work Coulson did for him either at Downing Street or beforehand when Cameron was leader of the opposition. Coulson's guilty verdict on the charge of conspiring to hack phones "raises important questions about David Cameron's judgment in employing him," said Matthew Ashton, an expert in politics and the media at Nottingham Trent University. "In particular what warnings did he receive beforehand, and how rigorous was the vetting and interview process? "Regardless of the verdicts, this trial has raised important questions about the relationship between the political, economic and media elites in the UK." Brooks' husband, aide also cleared . Brooks resigned as News International CEO in July 2011 amid public anger over hacking allegations, and police arrested her the following week. Brooks and Coulson were charged in 2012, together with five other journalists, with conspiracy to intercept the voice mails of high-profile figures in Britain. All seven denied wrongdoing. Brooks also faced, along with her husband and her former personal assistant, Cheryl Carter, two charges of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice. All three were cleared of those charges, the Press Association reported. Retired managing editor Stuart Kuttner, who was cleared of conspiracy to hack phones, thanked his legal team in a statement outside court. "The diligence, the dedication and perhaps, above all, the passion of my lawyers over the past three years has been extraordinary, most remarkable -- and it is to them that I owe a huge and enduring thanks for the result, the unanimous verdict of the jury today." News UK, the UK newspaper publishing arm of Murdoch's News Corp., said in a statement: "We said long ago, and repeat today, that wrongdoing occurred, and we apologized for it. We have been paying compensation to those affected and have cooperated with investigations." The publisher said it was making changes to ensure this kind of wrongdoing did not recur and that it supported a new UK press watchdog expected to start work later this year. "Out of respect for the fact that further legal proceedings will occur, we will have no further comment at this time," the statement added. Clandestine affair . During the trial, the jury heard how a private detective working for the tabloid allegedly made more than 6,000 hacking calls in a two-year period. The Metropolitan Police estimate there were more than 1,000 victims, including royalty, politicians and celebrities. The phone of Kate Middleton, now the Duchess of Cambridge and wife of Prince William, was hacked 155 times, it was revealed at the trial. In November, prosecutors alleged that Coulson had a clandestine affair with Brooks from 1998-2004, which they argued showed the pair's level of trust. Referring to a letter she had written to Coulson and that was produced in court, Brooks said: "Andy and I were incredibly close at the time. He was my best friend. I think that comes across." She denied there had been a long-standing affair but acknowledged there had been periods of physical intimacy. The BBC and Guardian newspaper reported that when Coulson testified in April -- with his wife watching from the public gallery -- he said the affair "shouldn't have happened." But he denied that it meant he and Brooks had shared sensitive stories, the outlets said. In her defense, Brooks denied in court that she had ever approved phone hacking while she was News of the World editor. Asked about the practice, Brooks said: "No desk editor, no journalist ever came to me and said, 'We're working on such and such story, and we need to access their voice mails.' " She told the court she would have felt it was "a serious breach of somebody's privacy, especially if you did not have an overwhelming public interest," and of the newspaper industry's code of conduct. Get up to speed on UK phone hacking scandal . 7 amazing things we learned during the hacking trial . Seffner, Florida (CNN) -- Authorities in Florida gave up the search Saturday for a man presumed dead after a sinkhole opened beneath the bedroom of his family's suburban Tampa home, swallowing him up. The effort to recover the body of Jeff Bush had resumed earlier in the day after authorities stopped operations overnight, saying the hole was still expanding and the house could collapse at any time. "We just have not been able to locate Mr. Bush and so for that reason the rescue effort is being discontinued," Mike Merrill, county administrator for Hillsborough County, told reporters Saturday evening. "At this point, it's really not possible to recover the body." Merrill said the next phase in the effort would be demolition of the family's home, which is scheduled to begin Sunday and could take a couple of days. He stressed that workers were dealing with a "very unusual sinkhole" -- deep, wide and extremely unstable. "We've done everything we believe that we can. We wish we could have done more," Merrill said. The sinkhole was between 50 and 60 feet deep, he said. The terror for the Bush family began Thursday night, as everybody in the blue, one-story, 1970s-era home in Seffner was going to bed. There was a deafening noise. "I ran toward my brother's bedroom because I heard my brother scream," Jeremy Bush, Jeff Bush's brother, told CNN's "AC360." Sinkholes common, costly, sometimes deadly . "Everything was gone. My brother's bed, my brother's dresser, my brother's TV. My brother was gone." Bush frantically tried to rescue his brother, by standing in the hole and digging at the rubble with a shovel until police arrived and pulled him out, saying the floor was still collapsing. "I couldn't get him out. I tried so hard. I tried everything I could," he said through tears. "I could swear I heard him calling out." The terror of those moments can be heard in a recording of the 911 call in the moments after the sinkhole opened up. "The house just fell through," a female voice says on the recording released Friday by the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office. The woman asks for an ambulance and the police. "The bedroom floor just collapsed, and my brother-in-law is in there. He's underneath the house," she says. Jeremy Bush and four other people, including a 2-year-old child, were uninjured. After officials called off the search for his brother Saturday, Jeremy Bush spoke to Bay News 9. "It's very hard. It's not just I lost my brother. They're so many memories in this house," he told the CNN affiliate. "I don't know what we're going to do." Nearby homes were evacuated Friday as a precaution. The sinkhole compromised a house next door to the Bush home, fire department spokesman Ronnie Rivera said. That home wasn't damaged as of Saturday morning, but the family that lives there was given up to 30 minutes to remove some belongings before abandoning the premises, he said. Merrill said residents on either side of the Bush home were allowed to go into their houses a short time to retrieve what they could. Sinkholes are common in the state, according to the Florida Department of Environmental Protection. The state lies on bedrock made of limestone or other carbonate rock that can be eaten away by acidic groundwater, forming voids that collapse when the rock can no longer support the weight of what's above it. Hillsborough County, on Florida's west coast, is part of an area known as "sinkhole alley" that accounts for two-thirds of the sinkhole-related insurance claims in the state, according to a Florida state Senate Insurance and Banking Committee report. John Zarrella reported from Seffner, Florida and Dana Ford reported and wrote from Atlanta. CNN's Chelsea J. Carter, Jake Carpenter, Brian Carberry, Elwyn Lopez, Nick Valencia and Tina Burnside contributed to this report. By . Meghan Keneally . It has been revealed that the Census Department may have faked the jobs report in the final month of the 2012 presidential campaign. Unnamed Census employees are said to have inflated their reports for the national employment figures for last September, which would have attributed to why the unemployment rate dropped from 8.1 per cent in August to 7.8 per cent in September. A columnist for The New York Post claims that he spoke with an unidentified source who says that there are a number of Census employee who falsifying the monthly numbers. Working for him: There are new reports that Census Bureau employees may have inflated their findings in surveys about the national unemployment rates, which could have helped President Obama in 2012 . The way that the closely-watched unemployment rate is determined is by having members of the Census Bureau interview 60,000 households from across the country about their job status. The Labor Department requires that in order to submit a set of results for one of the six regions of the country that are surveyed, they have to have a 90 per cent success rate, meaning that for every 10 numbers dialed, they need to speak to someone about their job status on nine of those calls. Julius Buckmon was named as a Census Department employee who was fired in 2010 for bolstering the numbers by saying that he spoke to more people than he actually did. Mr Buckmon, who was working specifically in the New York and Philadelphia region, had not been hitting the 90 per cent mark but he reportedly had a conversation with a superior who said it was not a problem. Final days: The most dramatic instance is said to be in September 2012 which came at a critical point in Mitt Romney's presidential campaign (seen here with his wife Ann before giving his concession speech) 'It was a phone conversation — I forget the exact words — but it was, "Go ahead and fabricate it" to make it what it was,' Mr Buckmon told The Post's John Crudele. Mr Buckmon had been fired by the time President Obama was facing re-election, but The Post columnist says that he spoke to a source who told him the inflation of reports remained a problem long after he left. 'He's not the only one,' the source told Mr Crudele. He goes on to claim that the problem 'escalated' towards the end of the campaign, but gives not specific reasons why the September 2012 figures have been singled out. That shift- from 8.1 per cent to 7.8 per cent- was the most dramatic drop through all of 2012. It undoubtedly helped President Obama during the final weeks of the campaign against former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney. Forwards Ashley Chambers and Ashley Hemmings and defender Josh Passley, who all made over 30 appearances this season, are among those leaving. Goalkeeper Liam O'Brien and defenders Jack Connors, Clevid Dikamona, Justin Hoyte and Ian Gayle will also depart. Midfielders Matt Richards and Zavon Hines and striker Ade Yusuff round off the exits from Victoria Road. Teenage winger Jodi Jones joined Coventry City for an undisclosed fee last week. Dagenham finished 23rd in League Two, nine points from safety, as their nine-season stay in the Football League came to an end. Cascading down a nearly 200 metre drop in Yosemite National Park, Bridalveil Fall is a breathtaking scene. But occasionally, when conditions permit, the magnificent waterfall is transformed into and even more spectacular sight. With just the right mix of water vapour and light, it becomes an ethereal rainbow haze that permeates the lush vegetation and dramatic rock faces around it. This spectacular phenomenon only last a few minutes, as the falling sunlight passes across the mountainous backdrop and catches the vaporised water. Stunning rare moment: This spectacular shot was captured as the late afternoon autumn light caught the mist from Bridalveil Fall, in Yosemite National Park, California. This picture is just one section of the full-frame picture snapped by photographer Mei Xu . But for patient photographer Mei Xu, it was certainly worth the wait. The fall, which stands at 189 metres, is famous for the mist that wafts off it when the breezes blow and which is said to resemble, as its name dictates, a bride's flowing veil. Native Americans named the fall Pohono, meaning 'spirit of the puffing wind'. Guarding the entrance to the valley, the Ahwahneechee tribe believed the fall was home to a vengeful spirit, and those leaving the valley would be cursed if they looked at it. But also, they said inhaling the mist from the fall would bring good luck to anyone looking to marry. Photographer Mei Xu was in the right place at the right time to capture this rare and magnificent moment, in Yosemite National Park, California . It's clear to see from Ms Xu's incredible picture why native Americans believed there was more to the fall than meets the eye. At times, when the wind is strong, the water appears to fall sideways, and during lesser water flows, the narrow spurt completely vaporises before it reaches the bottom. There are a number of vantage and viewpoints set up around the park for onlookers to watch the incredible spectacle. But only few lucky - and patient - observers will witness quite such a breathtaking scene as this. The magnificent natural phenomena was also captured last year by photographer Justin Lee, who was overjoyed to find himself in exactly the right place at the right time. Natural phenomenon: A waterfall in Yosemite National Park, California turns into a beautiful fountain of colour as sunlight reflects off its wet spray . Mr Lee, from British Columbia, Canada, . was standing close to a cliff at the Tunnel View lookout when he . spotted the colourful scene. He said at the time: 'The sun has to be in . position to get the rainbow, and this photo was not planned by me . beforehand. I just happened to be in the right place at the right time. 'I couldn't believe how lucky I was to see such a sight, and just had to start taking pictures straight away.' National park: The wonder was captured by photographer Justin Lee, who was overjoyed to find himself in exactly the right place at the right time . Mr Lee took hundreds of photos of the magical event. He said: 'I was there for about 30 minutes, snapping probably a couple of hundred photos at this particular location. The ideal conditions for a rainbow are the combination of sunlight and water droplets. This usually comes in the form of rain, but fine spray from a waterfall is often just as effective. By . Steve Doughty, Social Affairs Correspondent . PUBLISHED: . 20:06 EST, 3 March 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 20:06 EST, 3 March 2013 . Drop: Private sector wages in Europe have fallen faster than almost everywhere else in Europe . Wages in Britain have fallen faster than almost everywhere else in Europe, analysis shows. Private sector pay dropped 3.2 per cent between autumn 2010 and autumn last year after taking account of inflation, it found. Only the Netherlands, Cyprus and Greece fared worse. The analysis by the House of Commons Library for the Labour Party used UK figures and those of EU statistics arm Eurostat. It bears out recent Eurostat findings that UK living standards are falling. The figures show German private sector wages have gone up by 2.4 per cent since 2010 and those in Austria by 2.3 per cent. Sweden and the Czech Republic saw gains of 3.4 and 3.3 per cent respectively. The biggest improvements were in Bulgaria and Romania, up by 12.2 per cent and 5.8 per cent. However the two newest European countries continue to have the lowest pay levels in the EU, and the increased standards do nothing to change the 'pull factor' of wealth western economies like that of Britain to their workers when their citizens acquire freedom to work in Britain next year. These figures show just how far Britain is falling behind the rest of Europe under this government. Late last year an official analysis found that the amount a typical household is able to pay to cover all its necessities and luxuries has dropped by nearly 10 per cent since the onset of the recession. Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls said: 'We are losing in the global race. Families, pensioners and businesses cannot afford another two years of falling living standards. 'A flatlining economy under David Cameron . and George Osborne over the last two years has made British people . worse off, but families, pensioners and businesses cannot afford another . two years of falling living standards.' 'Flatlining': Chancellor George Osborne is coming under increasing pressure over the economy . He added: 'Urgent action is needed in the Budget to kick-start our stagnant economy and help people on middle and low incomes struggling with the rising cost of living. 'Stagnant': Shadow Chancellor Ed Balls said 'urgent action is needed' 'David Cameron and his downgraded . Chancellor must heed the warnings and act or Britain will face more . years of falling living standards and more long-term damage to its . economy.' Chancellor George Osborne is under pressure to take measures to improve growth in his Budget later this month, and there is a growing backbench demand for tax cuts. However, ministers are now squabbling publicly over whether the spending of their departments should be cut. Defence Secretary Philip Hammond called this weekend for cuts to . benefits and welfare spending to protect defence from further . sacrifices. The figures underline the deepening pressure on ordinary families brought by the recession and the Coalition's inability to improve living standards. They will deepen David Cameron's troubles in the aftermath of the disastrous Tory performance in the Eastleigh by-election and the fractured response to it of Tory figureheads. Late last year an official analysis found that the amount a typical household is able to pay to cover all its necessities and luxuries has dropped by nearly 10 per cent since the onset of the recession. An average home in Britain had almost £50 a week less to spend last year than it did in 2006, once inflation has been taken into account, according to that breakdown from the Office for National Statistics. The agreement was signed in Ottawa during Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Canada. The $280m (Â£188m) deal is for the supply of uranium concentrate over the next five years. Canada banned the trade of nuclear materials with India in 1976. The uranium is to be sourced from the northern Saskatchewan mines of Cameco, the world's third-largest uranium producer, reports say. "Canada is providing uranium to India as a mark of its trust and confidence in India," Mr Modi told reporters. Mr Modi, who arrived in Canada on Tuesday, is the first Indian leader to visit the country in more than four decades. Canada banned the sale of uranium and nuclear hardware to India after India used Canadian technology to make its nuclear bomb. The two countries then finalised a nuclear co-operation agreement in 2012, paving the way for Canadian firms to export uranium to India. But differences over the supervision of the use of uranium in India delayed ratification of the deal. "[That agreement] really allowed us to turn the page on what had been in our judgement an unnecessarily frosty relationship for far too long," Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper said. India's economy has seen rapid expansion, resulting in a surge in demand for energy. As a result, India is looking to increase its dependence on nuclear energy. It plans to generate 63,000 MW of nuclear power by 2032 - an almost 14-fold increase on current levels. It has 22 nuclear reactors and plans to build some 40 more in the next two decades. By . Sadie Whitelocks . PUBLISHED: . 05:12 EST, 27 June 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 14:03 EST, 27 June 2012 . Scroll down for video . Former Shipwrecked winner Adam Child lied about his career history on This Morning forcing Phillip Schofield to brand him a 'hypocrite' This Morning presenter Phillip Schofield was left red-faced yesterday after a guest shamelessly lied about his porn career in a bid to secure 15 minutes of air time. Former Shipwrecked winner Adam Child claimed he was mortified when his glamour model fiancée TJ signed a £160,000 contract to film 24 X-rated scenes over the course of two years. At first he said he 'couldn't cope' with her decision but after receiving counselling he decided to take TJ, . whose porn name is Tommie Jo, back telling Phillip and Holly Willoughby 'I got used to it, you know'. But following the interview viewers took to Twitter highlighting the fact that Child, 28, had failed to tell the presenters that he had also been involved in the porn industry, leading to Schofield promptly branding him a 'hypocrite'. The 50-year-old broadcaster continued: 'I was looking through my Twitter feed before Adam came in and I . was alerted by a few people that he may have done porn himself. 'And so when he sat down I asked him if he had and he said ‘no, no I’ve never done it’. 'But when he left there were loads of people once again on our Twitter feed. So . I Googled him in the break and it took about 15 seconds to find him . naked on a website. 'I hate being lied to Adam I really hate it and wish . he’d been more upfront it makes his argument really rather . hypocritical.' Child appeared on the ITV series with his partner TJ who claimed 'I dumped my fiancée for a porn career.' TJ, whose real name is Coleen, openly discussed her porn career: 'It was horrible. It was really hard for . me. Being a porn star isn’t every little girl's dream you know it’s not . what I wanted to do. 'I'm purely in it for the money. In the future I want to be a dance teacher.' Meanwhile Child, who won the 2008 series of Shipwrecked, told of his distress: 'I was insecure anyway let alone my fiancé . future wife to do porn. I couldn’t physically cope with that, no way - I . don’t think a lot of men could. 'I knew she’d been with someone else. The first time she . came back I couldn't look at her in the eye.' Glamour model TJ spent 15 minutes discussing her relationship with fiancé Adam Child . 'Listen guys if you're going to come in you've got to tell us the truth,' Schofield warned Adam and TJ . The duo said they met while filming for the Sky reality TV show Dating in the Dark which gets six daters get to know each other without seeing each other. After just three months of dating Child proposed and they set a wedding day for May 2011. At the time he said he was aware that his wife-to-be had done topless and nude shots, but when she signed up to do a porn series he decided to end the relationship. But at the end of the interview Schofield questioned the reliability of both guests, after discovering that Child had previously worked as a porn star. As the news broke Child issued a statement, repeated by Schofield: 'He did it once in 2010. He lied about it because he was so embarrassed about it apparently and he still disapproves of it. 'He and TJ were offered the porn contract together and they split up because of it.' Schofield added: 'Listen guys if you’re going to come in you've got to tell us the truth.' VIDEO: Adam Child and glamour model fiancée TJ appeared on This Morning . By . Ollie Gillman . An elderly couple were shocked to find that a battered bowl their cat used for a bed was actually a Ming dynasty antique worth a fortune. The owners, from Essex, put the ceramic piece up for sale because they were moving house, and were told by auctioneers to expect around £200. However, the scratched and chipped 'bed', which had been in their family for 114 years, was sold for £108,000 to a mystery bidder. This Ming Dynasty bowl - used as a bed by a couple's cat - has sold for £108,000 . The elderly pair decided to sell the ceramic piece because they are moving house . The bowl was among a collection of antiques brought back to Britain from China in 1900 by one of the owners' great-grandfather, Major General John Tulloch. Over the years, the owners donated most of their ceramics to museums and only kept pieces that had been damaged. They decided to sell their last nine remaining items at auction because they are moving house. Online punters from around the world joined 15 bidders, including some from China, for the frantic bidding war for the moggy's makeshift bed. The detail on the bowl shows it could be from 15th century - during the Ming Dynasty . Auctioneers gave the chipped 'Ming-style' bowl a £200 estimate but were overwhelmed by the amount of interest in it from Chinese bidders. It sold for £90,000 - or £108,000 including fees - suggesting the bowl is authentic and dates back to the Imperial Ming dynasty, which ran from 1368 to 1644. An 11in, 19th century tall vase with a damaged lid also sold for nearly £40,000. And a scratched yellow saucer dish with a hairline crack fetched more than £11,000. The lots had been passed down through the owners' family for 114 years . James Grinter, from Reeman Dansie Auctioneers, said: 'There were about a dozen items from the same family. They were all in a bit of a state but they all did very well. 'The owners' cat used to sleep in the Ming bowl on top of a chest of drawers in the hallway of their house. 'It had a few chips in and had a staple repair - it was quite obvious damage to look at. 'We described it as Ming-style because it was hard to date and put a low estimate of £200 to £300 on it. The couple sold a number of other antiques - including a saucer which fetched more than £11,000 . 'But there was huge interest in it. I couldn't keep up with the bidding that was coming from online as well as 15 bidders in the room. 'I think the reason it did so well is because all of the lots had a cast-iron provenance. 'One of the owners' great-grandfather, who was a Major General in the Indian Army, acquired most of it while he was in China in 1900 and brought it back to England with him. 'It has all been passed down through the family. The lots that sold are the last pieces of the collection.' (CNN) -- If you're looking for a harbinger of the zombie apocalypse, look no further than all those people on the street pecking at their tiny, handheld windows into a private world. So say a good portion of the commenters reacting to a semi-satirical article by comedian-columnist Dean Obeidallah, who noted the difficulty he had spending a day without a cell phone. It had become something bordering an addiction, he said, or at least a strong habit. Some readers were taken aback. "The boy needs to get a life," said commenter realworldaddict, who also wrote, "Hint to him and all the rest of the people walking around like zombies watching for messages on their cellphones: Wake up and pay attention to the world around you. Nobody is trying to contact you 24/7, and did you really want to know that one of your 568 'friends' on Facebook just got a new goldfish?" Perhaps we're all shambling through daily life. When ObewanSnow mentioned a desire to keep a cell phone because it serves as a "safety crutch," the discussion turned to self-sufficiency and even dystopian scenarios. "When the apocalypse hits in December, you will be one of the first ones to go," replied a commenter. "You have become too reliant on technology. You are afraid of breaking down and not having AAA to save you. You better toughen up and learn to work on your own car, or you will perish very quickly." Maybe they're taking a page from Stephen King's novel, "Cell," in which the protagonist, Clayton Riddell, doesn't turn into a zombie because he doesn't own a cell phone. The story is about an event called "The Pulse" that turns cell phone users into vicious, mindless beings. The ill effects of omnipresent communication are a common motif in science fiction. Despite the anxiety, mobile devices are big business. Apple has recently sold millions of its iPhone 5 devices, and there are many people who believe that smartphones and tablets can almost give us superhuman abilities. But their omnipresence in daily life has not been without controversy, raising concerns that our lives will be forever changed by this technology -- and not in a good way. Commenter Mug Costanza called getting rid of his cell phone after the contract expired "one of the most liberating experiences I've ever had," and said he's beginning to notice the walking dead all around him. "Now it seems really weird to me when I am in a doctor's office or subway and I see 95% of the people around me glued to their phones, clicking away like zombies," he said. "My favorite is when you go out with a group of friends and everybody at the table is just playing with their phones instead enjoying themselves with real live people." Indeed, dozens of commenters asserted that they don't own a mobile phone, or have stopped using them. Some say the tight economy has given them extra incentive. That's the case with commenter wordswords, who says that in real life, he is the patriarch of the Words family of Cape Coral, Florida. He and his wife have six children, and that means a lot of phone bills if each family member has their own phone. "I gave up my cell phone about two years ago," Words commented. "I made a commitment to saving money and our family went back to a single land line. Since then I estimate we've saved around $4,000. And we haven't lost or damaged a phone since!" After the economy went downhill, the family had lost income and needed to cut down their bills. Words said getting rid of eight cell phones "cold turkey," a phrase often used in connection with addiction, has been a worthwhile decision. "The kids all hate me, but they enjoy the roof over their heads and the food on their table," Words said. "My two eldest have jobs and did get their own, but hey, as long as they're paying for it themselves, I'm all for it." Since they are a large family, the Words upgraded to two phone lines to ease the strain. The family still keeps their disconnected smartphones to use with Wi-Fi connections while traveling on vacations, which Words said is a luxury they now can afford. There are other benefits, too. "The constant 'ding' of texting is gone, so we communicate with words and in person like a family should, instead of with words on a phone," he said. "We love it. Others don't understand us, but that's all right." Expense was a great motivator for aspiring musician and aspiring writer Ben Joynes, 31, of San Francisco, California, who decided that he had to focus on what was really important in life. "Do the math. I simply cannot afford a cell phone contract, and it does not give me functionality that I absolutely need in my life in order to stay reasonably connected with people or be functional," Joynes said. "My little brother who lives out of state has one, and I've tooled around with it extensively. I think they are amazing pieces of technology, and I can see how they enhance people's lives. They are 'Star Trek' technology -- literally -- today and in the palm of your hand. I just can't afford one, and prefer to do my computing on a PC." Going without a cell phone can even be a game or a goal. Commenter Bill Murray said he is trying to see how long he can go without having a cell phone. He has never had one, and compares the challenge of stopping the use of such devices to "an addict going through heroin withdrawal." He loves technology, but doesn't want a cell phone. Instead he uses Vonage, a service that allows people to make phone calls over a data connection. "As I fast approach my 50th birthday, I am starting to feel like I am one of the lucky ones for not having 'plugged' into the network," he wrote. "Like a smoker shortly after they quit, I can actually smell and taste the things that others cannot enjoy. Don't get me wrong. I'm a technology lover and it has been a genuine struggle not to give in to the temptation that these amazing devices create. However, just like when I did quit smoking, I think I'll just focus on going one more day 'without' to see if I can curb the craving." Still, he doesn't think this will last forever. "Eventually, however, I realize that society will evolve to a point where I likely won't have a choice but to adapt to the technology. But, until then, I'll see just how long I can survive without this little mechanical addiction." Another reader, Dawn Lynn Harvard, said she hates being tethered to a phone all day, and only keeps a phone for emergency cases. "I haven't bought a phone in 30 years," she said. "I got a new hand-held 15 years ago free from Verizon. I recharge it once a year, whether it needs it or not. I pay $13 per month." Talking to "real living people" and enjoying the scenery of life is the real benefit to her. She doesn't understand what is so important that it requires being on the phone while doing other things. Sometimes, it's hard to tell if people are mentally present or not. "When I was young, if you saw someone walking down the street talking to themselves you crossed over assuming they were crazy," she said. "Sometimes I think they still are." What do you think? Share your views in the comments area below. View photos of zombies on CNN iReport . A Royal Marine who took his own life on his return from Afghanistan was one of 90 per cent of troops who did not have a welfare interview within the 12-week guideline, an inquest was told today. Dylan Kemp, a 28-year-old member of 42 Commando Royal Marines, wrote in a suicide note that he had 'too much anger'. He was found dead in his flat in Croydon, south London in September 2009, two days after being charged with assaulting his girlfriend. Dylan Kemp, a 28-year-old member of 42 Commando Royal Marines, wrote in a suicide note that he had 'too much anger' Since returning home he was also arrested over an alleged road-rage attack. Patrick Roche, representing Mne Kemp's mother, Mary Kemp, told Croydon Coroner's Court that despite leaving Afghanistan in April 2009, he had not gone through a Post-Operational Stress Management interview before his death. Mr Roche asked Warrant Officer Andrew MacFarlane, the discipline warrant officer for 42 Commando, why Mne Kemp had not been interviewed five months after his return. He replied: 'Possibly because no-one knew where he was.' Mne Kemp had joined the Armed Forces Careers Office and was based in London. WO MacFarlane said in his evidence that at the time 90 per cent of marines missed the 12-week mark. 'I'd say it's a guideline,' he said. Royal Marines leaving Croydon Coroners Court after giving evidence. Mne Kemp had not gone through a Post-Operational Stress Management interview . 'We try to interview - to capture - everyone within that 12-week period. Unfortunately we weren't able to do it.' He agreed with Mr Roche's suggestion that it had been a 'fairly dismal failure'. Kate Bex, representing Mne Kemp's girlfriend, Philippa Roscoe, read out extracts of a note he left before taking his life. He wrote: 'I had too much anger and only want to be out there. 'Royal Marine staff are excellent so do not let this be a pitfall for them that I slipped through the net, and I'm sure many will follow.' The inquest had previously heard evidence from Ms Roscoe and a colleague that Mne Kemp had described to them that he had recovered human remains as part of his tour in Afghanistan. But Warrant Officer Russell Taylor told today's hearing: 'At no point was a member of J Company asked to pick up body parts.' A file picture of British Royal Marines on patrol in Helmand Province, Afghanistan. The inquest had heard evidence that Mne Kemp had described to them that he had recovered human remains as part of his tour in Afghanistan . When questioned about evidence that Mne Kemp had talked of 'having to pick up his mate's body parts', he replied: 'I'm sorry but that is a fabrication.' Acting Lieutenant Colonel Reginald Turner told the hearing he was 'unaware of him being involved in any sort of incident'. He said: 'Picking up body parts was a significant incident. It is something which we would have been all aware.' He added: 'We would appropriately debrief individuals afterwards.' Mne Kemp was deployed to Afghanistan in September 2008 until April 2009, with a two-week break in the UK over Christmas. He was found dead in his home on Nottingham Road, Croydon. He had a ligature bruise on his neck which pathologist Peter Walker had previously described in evidence as 'consistent with death by hanging'. The inquest was adjourned until tomorrow. The research, funded by Tenovus Cancer Care, found cancer survivors need greater support from health organisations following treatment. University of South Wales researcher Jonathan Tigwell is presenting his initial findings at the National Cancer Research Institute conference. The full report will be published in February next year. Mr Tigwell conducted the study with 15 women, 13 of whom were Welsh, to get a detailed understanding of their experiences. "There is increasing scientific evidence linking work to health maintenance and that work may help with recovery for conditions such as cancer," he said. "If breast cancer survivors are returning to work at the wrong time, this can significantly affect their long term health, negatively impact on their wider relationships and create avoidable unemployment that would lead to further economic impact." Rhiannon Skilton of Tenovus Cancer Care said: "We have supported more than 2,600 women with breast cancer during the last year, many of whom will have already gone, or will be considering going, back to work." Case study Amanda Symonds, 48, from Gwaelod y Garth, near Cardiff, was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2014 and discharged from Velindre Hospital on New Year's Eve. The single mother-of-one said: "The thought I had in my mind then was, 'I'm not just closing a chapter on this year, I'm closing the whole book'. But it wasn't to be. "I would go as far as to say I found this year much harder to deal with than last year." She said her treatment and support at Velindre had been "amazing" but felt she lost her "comfort blanket" when she was discharged. "They do tell you you're going to feel rubbish for a while after your treatment's finished, it's very tiring, but I wasn't prepared for how rotten it's made me feel." Ms Symonds had a phased return back to work and her employer, United Welsh Housing Association had been "absolutely marvellous", but two months in she was going to bed as soon as she finished work. She said she had seen a cancer psychologist, but her worries were not about the cancer coming back, they were about getting back to normal and having her life back. She has accepted honorary positions with Action on Addiction, East Anglia's Children's Hospices, the Art Room and the National Portrait Gallery. Kate will also become a volunteer in the Scout Association, mostly working near her North Wales home. St James's Palace said the choices reflected her interests in the arts, promotion of outdoor activity and supporting people in need of all ages. "The duchess has chosen to support organisations that complement the charitable work already undertaken by her husband," it added. Supporting charities is an important role for members of the Royal Family as they can help promote the profile of good causes on to the national stage. The Art Room, which uses art therapy to help children with issues like low self-esteem and Asperger's syndrome at centres in Oxford and London, said it would make a great difference. By Peter HuntRoyal correspondent For the five organisations - selected, in part, from the hundreds who wrote asking for her support - the benefits are obvious. With the duchess on board they can gain nationwide attention for their causes and, where needed, the possibility of extra funding. For the Royal Family's most high profile new recruit, a role continues to be carved out. She is, like Prince William, still tiptoeing towards her destiny. Time is on her side. She has four patronages, not 400. With a working husband, and no children to distract, she intends to be a hands-on patron - when she's not building campfires with the beavers and cubs. The Royal Family have been taking on patronages since the reign of George III. This is a significant step for the former Kate Middleton. But it is just a first step for a future queen. Founder and director Juli Beattie said: "We're absolutely delighted, we're overwhelmed and thrilled. "This is just fantastic, it will raise the profile of the charity and get people to see the work we are doing." Kate is already patron of the charitable foundation William founded with his brother Prince Harry, but these are her first external patronages. She will make private and public visits across the UK to her new organisations over the coming months. Action on Addiction - which has its headquarters in Salisbury, Wiltshire, and helps people with a range of addictions at its treatment centres across England - welcomed her choice. In November, Kate privately visited East Anglia's Children's Hospices (EACH) which provides care and support to children with life-threatening conditions and their families across Cambridgeshire, Essex, Norfolk and Suffolk. There she met Grant and Charlotte Clemence whose daughter Fleur died soon after being born last May from a rare heart condition. The couple were supported by EACH in her final days. Mr Clemence said: "The Duchess showed genuine interest to all the families and staff she met and it really will be a great boost for EACH." The duchess has also accepted a role with London's National Portrait Gallery, which said it was looking forward to working with her. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are living in north Wales, near to where William is based at RAF Valley on Anglesey. Kate, who was a Brownie as a child, will volunteer with younger members of the Scout Association primarily at groups based around her home but also in other areas when opportunities arise. UK chief scout Bear Grylls said: "The duchess has an incredibly busy life, which makes it all the more inspiring that she has chosen to volunteer alongside us." Inquiry chairman Sir John Chilcot said he could see "no realistic prospect" of publication before 7 May. Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg said the delay was "incomprehensible", while former Conservative leader Iain Duncan Smith called it "disappointing". Here's what you need to know about the Chilcot Inquiry. The Chilcot Inquiry is an independent investigation looking into Britain's role in the 2003 Iraq War. It covers the period in the run-up to the conflict, the military invasion and then the aftermath of the conflict up until 2009. The Labour government at the time, led by Prime Minister Tony Blair, agreed to British military involvement in the US-led invasion of the country. The Conservatives backed British involvement in the war but the Liberal Democrats opposed it. It was controversial because Tony Blair claimed to Parliament that intelligence reports showed Iraq had weapons of mass destruction but none of those weapons were ever found. In 2009 Prime Minister Gordon Brown announced the inquiry to "learn the lessons" of the conflict in which 179 UK service personnel died. It was to be led by Sir John Chilcot, a former civil servant. More than 100 witnesses gave evidence. They included dozens of politicians, government advisers, civil servants and lawyers involved in the decision to invade Iraq. One of the main witnesses was Tony Blair who gave evidence over two days in January 2010. British ambassadors to the US and Iraq also appeared before the inquiry as well as UK intelligence officials and senior military officials. Evidence began in 2009 and the last public hearing was held on 2 February 2011. Despite almost four years passing since the inquiry's final public hearing, Sir John Chilcot has now confirmed it will not be published before the General Election in May 2015. He says the delay is to give the opportunity for several witnesses to reply to criticism of them contained in the report. Some witnesses claim they only received the documents regarding the criticism just before Christmas. In order to try to protect their reputation, they are being given time to analyse the claims so that it can be effectively challenged. The delay of the report's publication until after the General Election is politically controversial. There are claims the Labour Party is happy about the delay so that any criticism of the party's previous leaders won't distract from their campaign to win power in May. The party says: "Labour established the Chilcot inquiry because it is crucial we learn the lessons of Iraq. "While the timing is a formal matter for Sir John Chilcot we have always said the inquiry should report as soon as practically possible." The Liberal Democrats, who opposed the invasion, say there are fears the report is being delayed while some of the evidence is "sexed down". The Conservatives have also expressed their frustrations at the delay. The Prime Minister has written to Sir John Chilcot to say he wanted the report published "well before" the election but that he understands it is important that the inquiry remains fully independent. So far the inquiry has cost more than Â£9m. The most recent expenses data shows it cost more than Â£1.5m in the 2013/14 financial year. Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter, BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube By . Jason Groves . Ministers splurged almost £100million a day on foreign aid in December in a frantic bid to hit David Cameron’s controversial spending target, a report claims. The Commons International Development Committee warns today that vast sums appear to have been ‘rushed out at the end of the year’ to meet the target of spending 0.7 per cent of Britain’s total income on foreign aid. The committee says it is astonishing that the Department for International Development (DfID) spent a quarter of its total budget in one month and calls on ministers to show that the spending was ‘rational and cost-effective’. Spending: Ministers splurged almost £100million a day on foreign aid in December in a frantic bid to hit David Cameron¿s controversial spending target, a report claims . Support: The report also accuses ministers of spending too much on 'middle income' countries such as Nigeria, Pakistan (pictured) and India . The report also accuses ministers of spending too much on ‘middle income’ countries such as Nigeria, Pakistan and India, which have the resources to help themselves, rather than focusing aid on the world’s poorest. MPs in the committee also warned that Britain is shouldering too much of the burden of cleaning up global humanitarian disasters. Britain’s spending on Syria, for example, has hit £600million, compared to just £10million spent by France. Aid spending averaged £560million a month for the first ten months of last year. It then doubled in November to more than £1.1billion, before soaring to £2.6billion in December as the deadline for hitting the target neared. Cost: Britain's spending on Syria, for example, has hit £600million, compared to just £10million spent by France . Britain’s foreign aid spend is now more . than double the G8 average. The US spends 0.19 per cent of its total . income on foreign aid, for France it is 0.45 per cent and Italy is at . just 0.13 per cent. Last night, a DfID spokesman denied it had struggled to spend its budget, saying the high spending in December resulted mainly from ‘several long-planned annual contributions to agencies like the World Bank and EU’. The spokesman added: ‘DfID constantly assesses where UK aid has the biggest impact to ensure it helps those who really need it.’ Britain spent £11.4billion on foreign aid last year. An American veterinarian's trip of a lifetime was ruined in September when she was arrested in East Timor after sharing a cab with a stranger caught smuggling drugs. Since then, 41-year-old Stacey Addison has been unable to leave the southeast Asian country, and is currently being held at a women's prison as the State Department and members of Congress fight for her release. 'Just to think of it, to think that she's in a cell locked up, 18 hours a day, really it breaks my heart to think of it,' Addison's mother Bernadette Kero, of Klamath Falls, Oregon, told CBS.'I'm trying to write everybody I can. I'll write the Pope, Bill Clinton - someone's got to be out there that can resolve this.' 'I just want my daughter home, that's all, I just want my daughter to be freed, to come home,' Kero added. Holiday from hell: Stacey Addison, 41 (pictured), is currently imprisoned in East Timor, where she is being held as a witness to a crime. The veterinarian from Portland, Oregon was arrested in September after sharing a cab with a stranger who was caught smuggling meth in the southeast Asian country . Addison planned the solo-trip to see wildlife around the world for nearly two years, and had visited Antarctica and parts of Europe before she landed in southeast Asia in early September. On September 5, Addison was sharing a cab with a complete stranger, en route to the capital city of Dili, when she first ran into trouble. 'The other passenger said he wanted to pick up a package at DHL and when he came out, the police swarmed it and she was terrified,' Kero said. Wrong place, wrong time: Addison crossed into East Timor on September 5, sharing a cab with a stranger who asked to stop at a DHL office to pick up a package. Police swarmed the vehicle and found the package contained meth. Addison pictured above stuck in East Timor on October 20 . That package contained meth, and everyone in the car was arrested. Addison spent the next four nights in jail, and when officials eventually released her, they took her passport leaving her unable to travel outside the country. 'Police searched me, they tested my urine. Everything was negative, so I thought its okay, it will be okay - but it's not,' Addison said. She remained positive since her computer records turned up clean and she had no criminal record. State Department spokesman Jen Psaki says it's believed Addison is being held as a witness to the crime, and that they are doing everything in their power to secure her release. But since East Timor just gained independence in 2002, their justice system is still in development which has hindered the drug case, leaving Addison lonely, frightened and alone and in a strange country. The case took yet another negative turn on October 28, when she was arrested again and put behind bars in a cell. She is currently incarcerated at Gleno Women's Prison where she shares a cell with several other prisoners, including a women who just gave birth to a baby, and cares for the child behind bars. Addison's lawyer Paul Remedios says he still hasn't received an answer as to why his client was arrested again. Last Friday, the National Parliament fired all foreign judges and advisers in the legal system, including the prosecutor who was handling Addison's case. Remedios says he does not even know who is handling the case now. 'I would not say she is happy,' Remedios told Fox News in a phone interview. 'She is not. But she's strong and knows we are doing all we can to help her.' The lawyer now plans to file an appeal to have Addison released on grounds that her arrest was illegal. According to the law in East Timor, suspects and their lawyers are entitled to know when and why and arrest is imminent, but Remedios says he still hasn't received a copy of the arrest warrant. Behind bars: Addison's passport was seized after her first stint in jail, leaving her unable to leave the country. Her case took yet another bad turn on October 28, when she was arrested again and incarcerated at Gleno Women's Prison (pictured above) where she remains today . 'Her human rights were violated,' Remedios said. 'According to our national laws there is a miscarriage of justice in the making.' U.S. Embassy workers and her lawyer visit Addison in jail regularly, bringing her books and even birthday cake. Her cellmates helped her celebrate her birthday behind bars on November 5, and since they couldn't give her any gifts, vowed to pray for her swift release. Several members of Congress have been working to secure Addison's release, including Oregon Senator Jeff Merkley. 'We are in continual communication with the State Department and they are taking all appropriate action to respond,' a spokesperson for the Democrat said in a statement. 'Senator Merkley and his staff will continue to do everything we can to assist Ms Addison and her family through this terrible situation.' Sending their love: Addison's lawyers and U.S. Embassy workers regularly visit her behind bars. Above, a few treats and letters she recently received. On November 5, Addison celebrated her 41st birthday with her cell mates . Champions: Oregon Senator Jeff Merkley and California Rep Darrell Issa have both fought for Addison's release. Pictured above at the hostel where she was staying before her second arrest . Representative Darrell Issa, a Republican from California, also spoke with East Timorese government officials about the case during a visit to the nation on October 7. Another factor which may speed the process of Addison's release, is the appointment of Karen Stanton as U.S. Ambassador to East Timor. 'East Timor has not had an ambassador in well over a year,' said Kero. 'We were told that the highest level Timorese officials would be more likely to talk with a U.S. Ambassador in place.' Addison is also scheduled to meet this week with the former president of East Timor, Jose Ramos Horta, who has been championing for her release. For now, Addison communicates with her friends and family back home through Facebook. Addison, a graduate of the University of California, Berkeley and UC Davis was living in Portland, Oregon before she set off on the second half of her trip earlier this year. Trip of a lifetime: Addison was on a trip around the world when she was arrested in East Timor. Pictured above at the beginning of her trip . A long-lost Leonardo da Vinci masterpiece thought to be worth £90million and discovered in a bank vault is finally being returned to Italy. The painting of Renaissance socialite Isabella d’Este, attributed by experts to da Vinci, was seized by police after being found in a bank vault in Switzerland in 2013. Investigators said the piece had been exported illegally and was in danger of being sold on to an investment fund in the UK. Scroll down for video . Rediscovered: Leonardo da Vinci's portrait of Isabella d'Este, which was seized by Swiss police after it was found in a bank vault in the country in 2013 and is now finally being returned to Italy . The portrait, which had been missing for centuries, was uncovered among 400 pieces of art stored in the vault. But in a further twist, when art police ruled the painting had been exported illegally and went to the vault to seize it, they found it had gone missing again. Incredibly, it surfaced for a second time last year during a car insurance fraud, when Italian police discovered a lawyer was trying to negotiate its sale for £90million. Prosecutor Manfredi Palumbo said: ‘As part of a separate insurance fraud investigation came to know that an Italian lawyer in Pessaro had been made the agent to tell a painting attributed to da Vinci for no less than 95 million euros (£70m). ‘Just before we seized it we discovered that the lawyer was in negotiations to sell the painting to a UK fund for 120 million euros (£90m).’ ‘Once it arrives back in Italy, we will conduct further investigations to establish who really owns the work.’ Genius: Da Vinci, left, also painted the world famous Mona Lisa, right. Carlo Pedretti of the University of California said tests showed there were ‘no doubts’ that the latest portrait was the work of da Vinci . Experts have attributed the painting to Da Vinci using carbon dating and pointing to a 1499 pencil sketch of the noblewoman that hangs in the Louvre Museum in Paris. The pigments are the same and the priming of the canvas is prepared according to his recipe. Carlo Pedretti, an expert in Leonardo studies at the University of California, said the tests showed there were ‘no doubts’ that the portrait was the work of da Vinci. However other experts have cast doubt on the authenticity saying that it could have been completed by his students. Please enable Javascript to watch this video CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. -- As the leaves shifted from green to vibrant hues of gold and red over the past month in Charlottesville, the message on the BETA wall at the University of Virginia has remained constant: Bring Hannah Home. Saturday's news that the search for 18-year-old Hannah Graham was called off after human remains were found in a rural part of Albemarle County comes as odd relief for some on campus. Evan Ayers, who just graduated from UVa., said he was not surprised by the news, just left saddened. "Before it was just wondering what if, and you knew that something worse could always be on the horizon," said Cherise Pack, a third year student at the university. The remains that were discovered were taken to the Medical Examiner's Office in downtown Richmond where test will be conducted to positively ID the body. The discovery was made off Old Lynchburg Road in Albemarle County, which is about 11 miles from the Downtown Mall, Charlottesville’s outdoor pedestrian mall where Graham was last seen. Officers actively processed the area searching for physical evidence Sunday. Forensic psychologist Mike Banks said their investigation is likely intensive and expansive. "I've seen crime scene investigators crawling inch by inch with a magnifying glass," Banks said. "You never know what you're going to find in the bushes, you never know what you're going to find near the body, under the body, on the body." Banks said that dental records could identify the remains, but that investigators want to be sure of their findings. Banks also said that he cannot help but think of Hannah’s parents, John and Susan Graham, after the remains were discovered Saturday. "If it is Hannah Graham, 100 percent, then at least they have their child home,” he said. ||||| The suspect in the Hannah Graham investigation now faces several charges in connection with a 2005 rape in Fairfax. A grand jury returned indictments against Matthew on three counts Monday: attempted capital murder, abduction and sexual penetration with an object. Matthew remains behind bars at the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail on a charge of abduction with intent to defile in the Hannah Graham disappearance. A preliminary hearing is set for Dec. 4. Chesterfield search crews discovered human remains in Albemarle County on Saturday while searching for the missing University of Virginia student. Click here for full #HannahGraham coverage: nbc12.com/hannah Authorities previously said Matthew was linked forensically to the case of a missing Virginia Tech student, Morgan Harrington, who went missing after a Metallica concert at the John Paul Jones arena in Charlottesville. They had also previously linked the suspect in that case to the 2005 Fairfax County rape suspect. Graham hasn't been seen since Sept. 13 after a night out with friends. The remains found Saturday about 12 miles from campus are now at the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner in Richmond for identification. The Chesterfield sheriff deputies who discovered the human remains on Saturday had finished their search when they decided to take one last look around the area. "It was divine intervention. Something said keep on going, and we just decided to keep on going,” Chesterfield County Sheriff's Office Sgt. Dale Terry said. “God intervened and he used us to help locate those remains.” Copyright 2014 WWBT NBC12. All rights reserved. ||||| Story highlights Police don't know how long the forensic tests will take Weekend's remaining public searches were canceled after discovery "We have a great deal of work ahead of us," police chief says The University of Virginia student was last seen early on September 13 (CNN) Sgt. Dale Terry of the Chesterfield Sheriff's Department and his small search team were finishing up for the day when they made the discovery. Behind an abandoned home -- just eight miles from where Hannah Graham was last seen -- they found a skull and bones scattered across a creek bed, he told a local television station. "It was not buried, and its location was not far from the road," he told the station. "There was not any crushing of any bones. As far as skull, everything looked to be intact to me." Nearby was a pair of black pants, similar to ones Graham was wearing. Could these be the remains of the University of Virginia student who disappeared five weeks ago? Read More ||||| These crawls are part of an effort to archive pages as they are created and archive the pages that they refer to. That way, as the pages that are referenced are changed or taken from the web, a link to the version that was live when the page was written will be preserved.Then the Internet Archive hopes that references to these archived pages will be put in place of a link that would be otherwise be broken, or a companion link to allow people to see what was originally intended by a page's authors.The goal is to fix all broken links on the web . Crawls of supported "No More 404" sites. ||||| By . Lydia Warren . The parents of missing mother Susan Powell are searching her father-in-law's former home in the hope that it will give some clues to her whereabouts. Chuck and Judy Cox went into convicted 'peeping Tom' Steven Powell's Washington home over the weekend, where they unearthed a box containing computer-coding files, among other, more personal items that belonged to their grandchildren, who were killed by their father in February 2012. The Coxes now hope that the coding files might contain information that could help the FBI reach information on a heavily-encrypted computer that was owned by Susan's husband, Josh Powell. They say they are not sure if her body could be found at the home, but they are bringing in cadaver dogs for the first time to check. Hope: Chuck Cox, the father of missing mother Susan Powell, shows the side of the house of Steven Powell, which they are searching with the permission of the new owners . Missed: Cox holds a sign previously belonging to his missing daughter and her husband, Josh, who died in 2012 . 'I don't know if we'll find her here . or not, but I know I have to continue the search, and this house has . never been searched by dogs,' Chuck Cox said. The couple and other helpers, including the authors of a book . about the case, have also discovered other more personal items, . including a beloved children's book, items of clothing and bicycle . helmets. 'It is sickening to see so many reminders . of Susan and her boys left behind by Steven Powell's family,' author Gregg Olsen . told The Huffington Post. 'To the Powells, those things appear to . be nothing more than junk. It indicates just how much they really cared . about the boys and their mother.' The family, who have been demanding answers since Susan vanished in 2009, will continue to search the home with help from volunteers over the coming weeks. Where is she? Susan Powell, pictured with her sons Braden and Charlie, vanished in 2009, aged 28 . Evidence? They said that a box containing computer-coding files could help them get into heavily encrypted files on Josh Powell's computer. The police have unsuccessfully tried to get into it for years . Treasures: They have also come across mementos - . such as books and clothing - of their two grandsons, who were killed by . their father in 2012 after he blew up their home - also killing himself . Steven Powell's home was recently sold . as part of restitution to the parents of the girls he took naked . pictures of while they were in their bathroom next door. Law enforcement found the sordid . photographs of the little girls, aged eight and 10, while looking for evidence of his missing daughter-in-law. He was released from prison in March after serving two years for taking photographs of two girls, aged eight and ten in 2011. Powell . is on probation for 30 months, required to wear a GPS locator and . attend a sex-offender treatment program. He lives in Tacoma, according . to the corrections facility. Search: The couple believes Steven Powell, who was later jailed for voyeurism charges, knows more information about their daughter's disappearance than he has said . Uncertainties: The couple have said they do not know if their daughter's body will be found at the house . Discoveries: The couple have found reminders of their grandsons in the home, such as this sled, left. They hope that files and other items in the home could give them clues about when their daughter is . The two girls victimized by Powell were awarded a $1.8million settlement as part of a civil suit. During Powell's voyeurism trial, the girls' parents became friends with Chuck and Judy Cox and, after they were given the home, they agreed to allow a private search of the home with dogs. Anne Bremner, the neighbors' lawyer, told MailOnline: 'Chuck is never giving up hope.' She added that the family do not know whether Mrs Cox Powell is alive or dead. It appears that cadaver dogs were not . used to search the home at the time because they were not covered by . warrants obtained by West Valley Police and Pierce County Sheriff's . Department to go into Powell's property, Ms Bremner said. Happier times: Chuck and Judy Cox, are pictured with their grandsons, Charlie (left) and Braden . (right) 'They didn't have the access we have now, they only had narrowly tailored warrants,' the attorney explained. The mother-of-two Susan Powell, 28, disappeared from her home in West Valley City in December 2009. She has never been found. Josh has claimed that his wife was at . home when he took his sons, Charlie and Braden, on a winter camping trip . in Utah's West Desert. The Cox family claims that Steven Powell has information about his missing daughter-in-law. It was suspected that she was killed by her husband Josh Powell but he never faced charges in the case. In 2012, he attempted to murder his . sons, Charles, seven, and five-year-old Braden with a hatchet before . setting his home alight, killing them and himself. What did he know? Powell, pictured after his wife vanished, reportedly ordered his wife around in their home . Theories: The new insights were shared by . friends in a book out Tuesday, left. It also suggests that one of the . sons may have been sexually assaulted by Josh's father Steve, pictured . in court, right . In a new book, 'If I Can’t Have You: Susan Powell, Her Mysterious Disappearance, and the Murder of Her Children', friends claimed Josh Powell poisoned his wife before she vanished, kept food from their sons and even sexually abused the young boys. Two weeks ago, cadaver dogs were used in a privately-funded and volunteer-based search of a rural home close to Salem, Oregon for signs of Susan Cox Powell. Her husband's aunt and uncle had been renting the property at the time of her disappearance in 2009. No signs of Susan's remains were found. Bob Weighton said he was "not enamoured" with all of the European Union's decisions and spending, but felt quitting was a "mistake". He said he did not regard Theresa May's signing of Article 50, as "a step forward at all". "She didn't ring me up to see what my reaction would be," he joked. The former teacher and lecturer, who lives in Alton, Hampshire, but is originally from Hull, described himself as "very internationally-minded". He has 10 grandchildren and 25 great-grandchildren "scattered around Europe", including in Germany. "You can't just walk away and expect it not to have any repercussions," Mr Weighton said of the UK's exit from the EU. "It's not like resigning from a golf club because you don't like the secretary, it's more like a divorce with all of the heartache and recriminations that follow. "However, you have to live with the way things are not the way you would like them to be." He said he had lived a "varied life" and added the most "exciting part" was between the ages of 25 and 40, when he worked abroad teaching English to students in Taiwan. He said "age is just a number" and he would be celebrating his birthday by having lunch with some members of his family, as well as another party with friends at his retirement home. While Mr Weighton is the oldest man in England, he shares the title of Britain's oldest man with Alf Smith, of Perth, Scotland, who was also born on this day in 1908. By . Louise Boyle . PUBLISHED: . 00:08 EST, 26 June 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 00:09 EST, 26 June 2012 . Jerry Sandusky's adopted son revealed to police he had been sexually abused by the convicted pedophile - but worried he would be charged with perjury for not admitting the attacks under oath to a grand jury. Matt Sandusky, now 33, reportedly can be heard on a 25-minute recording admitting to officers that he had been abused by the man who adopted him when he was a teenager. Jerry Sandusky, was taken to Centre County Correctional Facility in Pennsylvania after being convicted of 45 out of 48 charges of child sex abuse on Friday. Victim in the family: Matt Sandusky, who was adopted by the convicted pedophile Jerry Sandusky (right), recently came forward to say he had also been abused . Karl Rominger, part of Jerry Sandusky's defense team, told ABC: 'As a general rule it's a tape of Matt (Sandusky) making the allegations. 'I don't feel comfortable going into specifics about what he says, but I'll say that he is an alleged victim, so that will tell you some.' The young man hesitated to reveal the horrific abuse he was also allegedly a victim of because he had previously said under oath that no abuse had taken place. However Jerry Sandusky's attorney questioned the veracity of the adopted son's claims, saying that Matt's story appeared to have come back 'all of a sudden'. Matt Sandusky is one of Jerry Sandusky's six adopted children with wife Dottie. Convicted paedophile: Jerry Sandusky is escorted from the courthouse in handcuffs after being found guilty in his sexual abuse trial at the Centre County Courthouse in Bellefonte . His lawyers, Andrew Shubin and Justine . Andronici, issued a statement on Thursday naming Matt Sandusky and . saying that the 33-year-old had been prepared to testify on behalf of . prosecutors at his father's sex abuse trial. The statement says Matt Sandusky is 'a victim of Jerry Sandusky's abuse,' but did not go into specifics. Secrets: Matt Sanduskt, pictured as a teenager, revealed he had been molested last week . The revelation of the tape came as Jerry Sandusky still insisted through a lawyer yesterday that he is not guilty of sexually abusing children. The case rocked the Penn State community following the defense coordinator's arrest in November. The ensuing scandal led to the firing of Sandusky's former boss - Hall of Fame coach Joe Paterno - and the university's president, while forcing a re-examination of the role that college administrators played in reporting abuse allegations. A juror who voted to convict the retired Penn State assistant coach said she hoped the verdict would help his accusers heal. The jury found the testimony of the eight victims who took the witness stand compelling, Ann Van Kuren said yesterday. Jurors weighed the accounts and evidence diligently before finding Sandusky guilty last week of 45 counts for sexually abusing 10 boys over 15 years, she said. She expressed empathy for the eight men who offered emotional and explicit testimony. 'I really feel for the victims and any other victims that are out there that haven't come forward,' Van Kuren said. 'That all of them need to heal. I'm hoping that this trial, with this verdict, will help them heal.' Sandusky, 68, is under observation at . the Centre County jail, where he is being kept away from other inmates . pending a psychological review that will help determine the next step . toward his sentencing in about three months. 'He's defiant and wants the truth to . be told. He wants people to know that he's not guilty,' said defense . lawyer Karl Rominger, who visited his incarcerated client on Monday. Preparing an appeal: Joe Amendola, defense lawyer for Sandusky, talks to the media outside court after Sandusky was found guilty and charged with 45 counts of sexual abuse . Judge John Cleland ordered county probation officers to evaluate whether Sandusky is a sexual predator, a finding that could factor into his prison placement. Sex offenders are required to undergo treatment while in prison, so if deemed a predator, Sandusky would likely be sent to a facility with such a program. Sandusky, who has been placed under a suicide watch, said he doesn't want to kill himself and wants to get the separate psychological examination done so that he can receive visits from his friends and family, Rominger said. 'He's fine but he's just not been evaluated,' the lawyer said. 'He is very disappointed to be in prison. He is anxious to get out of this suicide watch.' Rominger added that Sandusky told him: 'If I have to keep sitting in this room for another three or four days without being able to talk to anybody, I might start to need help at that point.' The state investigation into Sandusky didn't begin until after the ex-coach was barred from a high school in 2009, when a mother complained about the former coach. At the time, Governor Tom Corbett was the state attorney general. Charges were filed in November 2011. Sandusky has repeatedly maintained his innocence. He will likely die in prison, given mandatory minimum sentencing requirements. The conviction is just the start of possibly years of legal proceedings over the case. Besides appeals, there remains an active investigation into Sandusky by the state attorney general's office, as well as a federal investigation. Corbett said Penn State trustees are still awaiting the results of an internal investigation by former FBI director Louis Freeh into the school's handling of the Sandusky case. The university could also face a wave of new lawsuits. An hour after the verdict Friday night, Penn State said in a statement it was inviting victims to 'participate in a program to facilitate the resolution of claims against the university arising out of Mr. Sandusky's conduct'. The school said it sought to address victims' concerns privately, expeditiously and fairly. Asked to clarify, school spokesman Dave LaTorre said the university won't discuss details about litigation or how much money might be set aside for potential settlements, and declined to comment further. By . Kit Holden . If Manchester United manage to bring Mats Hummels to Old Trafford, it would be the finest transfer coup of the club’s recent history. Hummels has shown in recent years, and not least at the last World Cup, that he has the ability, the intelligence and the character to become one of football’s great defenders. A ball playing centre half, Hummels not only controls the pace of the game from the back, he can also make surging runs forward, both at set pieces and in open play. His pace and intelligence give him the versatility to play either in a high line or as a deep lying centre back. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Mats Hummels training and celebrating with Germany . Eyes on the prize: The signature of Mats Hummels would be among Manchester United greatest transfers . Ever-present: Mats Hummels makes one of many tackles on Lionel Messi during the World Cup final . Right time and place: Hummels defensive capabilities were on show in the World Cup final . Over the last few years, Hummels has been perfectly suited to Jurgen Klopp’s revolution at Borussia Dortmund, both as a gifted player and as an on field leader. Under Klopp, he has won two German titles, a German Cup, and reached the Final of the Champions League in 2013. Unlike the likes of Mario Gotze and Marco Reus, however, Hummels is not a product of the Dortmund youth system. The defender learnt his trade at Bayern Munich, where his father was in charge of the youth system between 1995 and 2012. Bayern, though, squandered Hummels’ talent, loaning him out to Dortmund rather than giving him first team opportunities. In 2009, a permanent transfer was agreed. Hummels has since shown his former club what they are missing, pipping Bayern to several titles and vowing repeatedly never to return to the club. Under Jurgen Klopp, who as a player also trained under Hummels’ father, the defender has developed into one of Europe’s most impressive, modern defenders. He has shown his class not only in the yellow and black of BVB, but also in the white shirts of the national team. Rivals: Hummels came through the Bayern Munich youth system under his father but Borussia Dortmund have made the most of his talents . Lynchpin: Hummels is Jurgen Klopp's on-field leader, and has won two Bundesliga titles, a German Cup, and made the 2013 Champions League final with Dortmund . Hummels’ man of the match winning performance against France at the World Cup was his finest in a Germany shirt. It not only showed his footballing prowess, but also the strength of his will. He has had to fight almost incessant setbacks to establish himself under Joachim Low. Match-winner: Although Hummels has separated opinion in Germany he proved his worth in a fine showing against France in Brazil, capped off by the winning goal form this header . Just two years ago, Hummels was public enemy number one. His errors in the Euro 2012 semi-final saw Germany fall embarassingly against Italy. Hummels, who has always radiated confidence, was vilified not only for his mistakes on the pitch, but also his vanity off it. He was seen as arrogant, as a player who overestimated himself. Joachim Low seemed to share the view, and over the following years often left Hummels out of the first team, opting instead for Arsenal’s Per Mertesacker. Hummels and Dortmund were so frustrated that they accused Low of making it difficult for Dortmund players to succeed internationally. After . finally regaining Low’s trust with a goal against Italy last autumn, . Hummels then suffered an almost season ending injury, which looked set . to shatter his World Cup chances. But . the Dortmund defender fought back. His performances at the World Cup . were repeatedly brilliant, often being the only man to prevent Germany’s . wobbly defence from collapse. If Hummels’ international career shows one thing, it is that he has an immense . desire to prove himself on every single stage. He has not only the . quality to boost Manchester United’s defence, but also the character to . assimilate very quickly into Premier League football. Team player: After being perceived as arrogant in his own country Hummels has won fans and Joachim Low over . Home comforts: Hummels is embraced by his partner Cathy Fischer after the final at the Maracana . Whether he will leave Dortmund is another matter. When he extended his contract until 2017 two years ago, Hummels refused to add in a buyout clause, on the grounds that he did not want to leave the club on bad terms. His relationship to Dortmund and to Juergen Klopp is very strong. It will take Louis van Gaal a huge amount of persuasion to tempt the player to England. If he manages it, though, United fans may rejoice. Hummels’ quality is out of the question. His character, meanwhile, means that you can never ever write him off. VIDEO United keen on Hummels and will continue to spend - Woodward . The British girl was three when she went missing in the resort in 2007. On 22 May, Scotland Yard said a "substantial phase of operational activity" in Portugal would start soon. The BBC understands there are about 20 police officers and specialists at the search area. Tents have also been put up at the site, which according to a local estate agent is about 15 acres in size. Portuguese police arrived and cordoned off the area in the early hours of Monday. British officers from the Metropolitan Police arrived later in the morning to liaise with them. The search, which is expected to continue until Friday, is being carried out after a request by the Metropolitan Police. The Met has also asked for two other locations in Praia da Luz to be examined. Officers are expected at some stage to use dogs and "ground penetrating radar" to search the scrubland, looking for signs of disturbed earth. Although they have been seen marking out several sections of land, the search itself has not started. Hire vans seen in the cordoned-off area are understood to contain technical equipment provided by Scotland Yard. The area of scrubland - about the size of three football pitches - is surrounded by flats and villas, many of them holiday properties. It is about five minutes' walk from the Ocean Club complex, where the McCanns were staying when Madeleine disappeared. A 77-year-old man who has lived near the area of scrubland for 13 years told the BBC the latest search was "ridiculous". "The police have been here before," said the man, who did not want to be named. "We all helped search this area three or four days after it [Madeleine's disappearance] happened. "I walk my dog every day and no one was digging holes." The mayor of Praia da Luz, Victor Mata, said the timing of the search "couldn't be worse" and that villagers were being "punished" by the police activity. He said: "With every search, it doesn't seem like we're going anywhere - we're going backwards." He said he found out about the latest development around two weeks ago. "I'm facilitating the work of the Portuguese police because the more I help them, the quicker this will end." He remains unconvinced anything will be found at the current site to help the investigation. "There was a battalion of people out here looking for the child seven years ago," said Mr Mata. "Everybody was looking. Everyone wanted to find her. People criss-crossed that land as they did other parts of the village." He said if there were more searches in future, he would consider finding a way to stop them taking place during the peak summer period. The first residents knew of anything happening on this scrubland was when they were disturbed by barking dogs in the early hours. The private land - earmarked for a development that was never built - was accessible last night but is now completely sealed off by the yellow and white tape of the GNR, the national police. Portuguese officers, wearing sunglasses in the fierce sunshine, are standing guard at the perimeter of the site, which stretches down towards the coast. The police have been joined by a large contingent from the media, who have cameras trained on the ground as they await developments. The only words being exchanged between officers and journalists is the occasional "bom dia" - or "good morning". The scene is being watched too by locals walking past, or on their morning jog, and those in holiday apartments with balconies overlooking the Atlantic. The view would ordinarily be picturesque but has been transformed today as the eyes of the world turn to this small Algarve resort again. Stewart Drummond, 68, from Eaglesham, near Glasgow, who has been coming to Praia da Luz with his wife Janice for 27 years, said: "It's a pity it's taken so long to get to this stage. "Talking to locals especially, they feel that they want to move on. "Every time anything happens, it puts the resort back in the spotlight for the wrong reasons. "But obviously everyone wants to see closure for the McCann family and if they find something, it would give them that. "As parents, we feel for the family - for it to happen in such a 'safe' place makes it all the more tragic." Paul Luckman, publisher of English-language newspaper the Portugal News, said local people were "fed up". "That isn't because they don't want the child to be found, but they don't believe there's any credibility to all this [searching]," he said. "The time has come to stop mudslinging and criticising local police. They work in a different way, but they get on with the job." Scotland Yard launched a fresh investigation into Madeleine's disappearance last July, codenamed Operation Grange. In March, British police said they were seeking an intruder who sexually abused five girls in Portugal between 2004 and 2006. Detectives said the attacks happened in holiday villas occupied by UK families in the Algarve. A little boy was left fighting for his life after a horrific allergic reaction to epilepsy medication made his skin fall off in chunks. Five-year-old Ellis Stacey developed a one-in-a-million condition that gripped his body, covering his skin in agonising blisters. Within days, the skin on his face, back, arms and legs had peeled off. His devastated parents were warned he could die within days as the condition ravaged his body. Scroll down for video . Ellis Stacey, 5, suffered a rare, horrific allergic reaction to epilepsy medication that left his skin covered in agonising blisters. His parents were warned he might not survive the week . Ellis was given the drug Tegretol after an epileptic fit. But within days, he had developed a painful rash . Thankfully, the he has now made a full recovery and is back at school enjoying the new term with his friends. Ellis' ordeal began in September 2013, when he suffered an epileptic fit on his first day of school. His GP prescribed Tegretol, a common medication for epilepsy, and Ellis was advised to rest at his home in Winton, Bournemouth. The drug is also known as carbamazepine. But within days, he had developed a painful red rash. His mother, Kayleigh Drayton, 25, said: 'Ellis kept telling me that he felt poorly. I knew something wasn't right, so I took him back to the GP. 'He basically told me that everything was fine, but I wouldn't give up. 'I asked for a second opinion, and it was only then that I was told Ellis was having a serious allergic reaction and that I needed to take him to hospital.' By the time the family arrived at the Poole Hospital in Dorset, Ellis' condition had deteriorated significantly. His face had swollen up, and he had agonising red blisters in his mouth and throat. Hooked up to a morphine drip to ease the pain, Ellis was unable to eat and required around-the-clock care. Two days later, after being transferred to the Southampton General Hospital, he was finally diagnosed with the life-threatening condition Stevens-Johnson syndrome, which kills up to 40 per cent of sufferers. The condition causes the cells in skin to die before shedding - rather like a snake's. Victims develop terrible scarring all over their bodies and well as severe conjunctivitis which can lead to blindness and mouth infections which can stop them eating. The NHS website lists SJS as a 'very rare' side effects from taking Tegretol. It was then that doctors warned Ellis might not make it through to the next week. Ellis' mother Kayleigh, 25, said it took her pushing for a second opinion before he was diagnosed with a serious allergic reaction to the epilepsy drug. Ellis was later diagnosed with the life-threatening condition Stevens-Johnson syndrome, which kills up to 40 per cent of sufferers . Stevens Johnson Syndrome (SJS) is a severe adverse reaction to a medication. It was named after two U.S paediatricians who described it in 1922. The condition is incurable and 40 per cent of people who contract the condition do not survive. It affects around two people per million and is more common among women. Symptoms include skin rashes, blisters in the mouth, ears and nose and swelling of the eyelids. If left untreated the condition can result in death. Possible complications include permanent blindness and lung damage. Once diagnosed doctors will immediately stop the patient taking the offending drug. Treatment includes IV fluids and high calorie formulas to promote healing. Antibiotics are given when necessary to prevent secondary infections such as sepsis. Pain medications such as morphine can make the patient more comfortable. Ms Drayton, a full-time mother, said: 'We were absolutely devastated. Ellis was so frightened and kept asking why he hurt so much. 'Because of all of the morphine, he was completely out of it and didn't understand what was going on. 'I couldn't even hug him, as his skin could have fallen off in chunks. 'It broke my heart to see him so afraid, but Carl and I had to stay strong for him. 'We were terrified that we were going to lose him forever.' Over the next two weeks, Ms Drayton and Ellis's father Carl, an aerospace technician, kept vigil as their son was was attached to a feeding tube and pumped with steroids to treat the reaction. To save his skin and sight, doctors applied eye drops and changed his dressings every two hours. It was essential that his eyes and lips were kept lubricated in order to prevent his eyes from scarring and his lips from fusing together. Finally, after three weeks in hospital, Ellis was well enough to return home in October 2013. His mother said: 'We just prayed he would pull through. Our friends and family helped out as we spent all of the time we could by his side. 'When I could hug him for the first time, it was the best feeling ever. We'd come so close to losing him, and I never wanted to let him go. 'He was still very poorly, but we knew that we were over the worst of it.' Ellis quickly settled back into family life with his little sister, Belle, two, and soon began to recover. Although he still has scarring and now suffers from asthma, he has fully recovered and recently enjoyed his first week back at school. Ms Drayton said: 'It's brilliant to see Ellis so happy again, and his dad and I are so proud of him. 'He's on a new medication for his epilepsy, which he's responding really well to. 'His little sister Belle has also taken to making sure he's not poorly again. She dresses up as a doctor and prods him with a stethoscope to make sure everything's working properly. 'I'm so grateful that doctors were able to treat Ellis in time. Now we're looking forward to the future as a happy, healthy family.' Ellis, pictured left with his mother, father Carl and sister Belle, has now recovered and is back at school . Eugene Healy, professor of dermatology at University Hospital Southampton, said: 'Stevens-Johnson syndrome (SJS) is a type of severe immune reaction, usually against a drug or medication, but sometimes against an infection. 'SJS is more common in adults, but can occur at any age, including children. 'It involves the skin and the mucous membranes - including the lips, mouth and eyes - and is closely related to a condition called toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN), which causes large areas of skin to die and is often fatal without treatment. 'Fortunately with expert medical and nursing help, many patients survive SJS. However, it is essential for the patient never to take the culprit drug again as long as they live, otherwise there is a very high risk of an even worse reaction.' A spokesperson for Novartis Pharmaceuticals UK Ltd, which manufactures Tegretol, said: 'We are committed to patient safety and strictly comply with local and international regulations. 'Serious dermatological reactions, including Stevens-Johnson syndrome, have been reported very rarely with Tegretol. 'For all of its products, Novartis evaluates and reviews its global safety database on an ongoing basis.' LONDON, England (CNN) -- Italian football manager Carlo Ancelotti has gone from Milan to London in less than a day. Carlo Ancelotti will take over as manager of Chelsea from July 1 this year. Just 24 hours after resigning from his highly-successful eight-year stint at Italy's AC Milan, he has been announced as the new manager of English Premier League club Chelsea -- replacing temporary manager Guus Hiddink. Chelsea, who won the FA Cup at the weekend, were looking for a permanent manager for the start of next season -- and Ancelotti has been signed on a three-year deal to the west-London club. A statement on Chelsea's web site read: "Carlo was the outstanding candidate for the job. He has proved over a long period his ability to build teams that challenged for, and have been successful in, major domestic and European competitions." Ancelotti, who turns 50 next week, has been in management since 1995, when he took charge of Italian Serie B club Reggiana. Although he only spent one season at Reggiana, he managed to earn them promotion to the top-flight Serie A league. Since then he has managed Parma and Juventus, before taking on the San Siro-based giants AC Milan. Is Ancelotti's appointment the right move for Chelsea? Tell us in the Sound Off box below. As a manager he has enjoyed plenty of success, particularly in his time at the Rossoneri. He steered Milan to the Coppa Italia in 2003, the Serie A title in 2003--04, the UEFA Champions League in both 2002--03 and 2006--07, the UEFA Super Cup in 2003 and 2007 and the FIFA Club World Cup crown in 2007. Before entering management, Ancelotti had a significant playing career as a midfielder with AS Roma and AC Milan. During his time at both clubs he amassed three Serie A titles, two European Cups, and he also won the Coppa Italia four times with Roma. He is one of only six people to ever win the Champions League as both a player and manager -- a list which includes current Barcelona manager and this year's winner, Josep Guardiola. Ancelotti also represented Italy on 26 occasions, scoring once. He played in the 1986 and 1990 World Cups alongside players such as Roberto Mancini and the recently-retired Paolo Maldini. Despite his management success at AC Milan, it has been widely reported that his relationship with the club's owner, Silvio Berlusconi, has not been strong in 2009. He takes over at Chelsea as the permanent replacement for Luiz Felipe Scolari, although Guus Hiddink has been in charge since Scolari was sacked from Stamford Bridge in February. This pointer takes the form of a nickel signature in the rocks of the crater that is now buried under ocean sediments in the Gulf of Mexico. An international team has just drilled into the 200km-wide depression. It hopes the investigation can help explain why the event 66 million years ago was so catastrophic. Seventy-five percent of all life, not just the dinosaurs, went extinct. The UK-US led team gave an update on its research here at the Fall Meeting of the American Geophysical Union in San Francisco. The group is currently running all manner of lab tests on the hundreds of metres of core pulled up from under the Gulf in April and May. One tantalising revelation is that the scientists observe a big nickel spike in the sediments immediately above what has become known as Chicxulub Crater. This is an important marker that could lead on to the discovery of asteroid material itself. The presumed 15km-wide space object would have been vaporised in the impact. But some portion of it would have condensed into small spherules in the sky to then rain back down on the bowl. It should be stressed that the nickel is not in itself an identification of asteroid material. To have real confidence, the scientists would prefer to see the element iridium. This is extremely rare on Earth but is frequently associated with meteorites. Iridium is apparent in the geological layers around the globe that mark the dinosaur-killing event at the end of the Cretaceous Period, but to find it in the actual crater would be an exciting observation. It could result in further insights on the nature of the asteroid that smashed into Earth. One theory is that its metals could have made the environment toxic for many lifeforms. Four labs are currently testing for the presence of iridium. Prof Philippe Claeys from the Free University in Brussels says finding the Nickel is a very good sign. "Nickel behaves chemically in a way that is very similar to iridium; it loves to make strong chemical bonds with iron, just like iridium," he told BBC News. "So we treat nickel as what we call a proxy for an elevated concentration of iridium. If we see high nickel, it's very likely that we're going to have high iridium." Chicxulub Crater - The impact that changed life on Earth The project to drill into Chicxulub Crater was conducted by the European Consortium for Ocean Research Drilling (ECORD) as part of the International Ocean Discovery Program (IODP). The expedition was also supported by the International Continental Scientific Drilling Program (ICDP). Rock was recovered from more than 1,300m below the modern seafloor in the Gulf of Mexico. What has thrilled the team is the quality and abundance of material now in the labs. "Why this is a jackpot core is because we have an expanded section. We have an amount of material that turns into a resolution that allows us to ask lots of questions," said Prof Sean Gulick, the co-chief scientist from the University of Texas at Austin, US. "For example, if we do see iridium especially in dust, it's not just a tracer for the impactor, it could also tell us something about when this material left the atmosphere and things (the likely dark sky conditions following the impact) started clearing up." Prof Tim Bralower from Pennsylvania State University is studying the core rocks for the fossils of tiny organisms that lived in the seawater above the crater - from the immediate aftermath of the impact to millions of years hence. What sort of species are present and how they change up through the sediments should tell him something about how long it took for "normal conditions" to return. "It's unusual to see such a beautiful record of recovery in this exact location where the mass extinction originated. Basically, 'ground zero'," he said. Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos THAT BREAKING NEWS COMING TO US FROM SOUTHWEST HOUSTON WHERE THERE HAS BEEN A DEADLY SHOOTING AND WE'RE HEARING THE WHOLE THING MAY HAVE BEEN THE RESULT OF TAKING SELFIES WHILE PLAYING WITH A GUN. GOOD AFTERNOON. I'M SARA DONCHEY. I'M KEITH GARVIN. APPARENTLY TWO COUSINS WERE PLAYING WITH THE GUN AND TAKING PICTURES WHEN IT ACCIDENTALLY FIRED. KATHY HERNANDEZ JUST GOT TO THE SCENE AND JOINS US LIVE NOW. Reporter: GOOD AFTERNOON. FAMILY MEMBERS SAY THE VICTIM IS 19-YEAR-OLD MAN. HE HAD TWO YOUNG CHILDREN AND HE WAS STARTING COLLEGE TOMORROW. INVESTIGATORS SAY SMITH WAS TAKING SELFIES WITH A GUN AT THE APARTMENT AT ABOUT 1:30 THIS AFTERNOON. THEY SAY THE GUN ACCIDENTALLY WENT OFF, SHOOTING SMITH IN THE THROAT, KILLING HIM. DEVASTATED FAMILY MEMBERS SPOKE TO US A FEW MINUTES AGO. IT'S THE WORST THING IN MY LIFE. IT'S LIKE SOMETHING STILL UNBELIEVABLE. I MEAN, BECAUSE YESTERDAY WAS MY BIRTHDAY AND HE CAME TO WISH MY A HAPPY BIRTHDAY. AND THEN THIS, HE WAS STARTING COMMUNITY COLLEGE TOMORROW. Reporter: INVESTIGATORS SAY SMITH'S COUSIN WAS ALSO IN THE APARTMENT AT THE TIME, BUT IN ANOTHER ROOM AND THEY ALSO SAY THE COUSIN SAYS THE TWO FOUND THE GUN EARLIER IN THE DAY, BUT THEY'RE WORKING TO FIND OUT EXACTLY WHERE THEY FOUND IT. REPORTING LIVE IN SOUTHWEST HOUSTON - A man posing with a gun and taking selfies was killed when the gun went off and struck him in southwest Houston, police said. Family members said the victim is 19-year-old Deleon Alonso Smith. Investigators said Smith was taking selfies with a gun at an apartment in the 9800 block of Forum Park Drive and Bissonnet around 1:30 p.m. Tuesday when the gun accidentally went off, shooting the 19-year-old in the throat and killing him. "It's the worst feeling in my life," said the victim's uncle Eric Douglas. "It's a numb feeling. It's still unbelievable. Yesterday was my birthday and he came to wish me happy birthday, and now this kind of news," said Smith's grandmother Alma Douglas. Family members said Smith has two young children and was starting college Wednesday. Investigators said Smith's cousin was in the apartment but in another room when it happened. The cousin told police they found the gun earlier Tuesday, but investigators are working to find out where. Police said Smith believed the gun was unloaded at the time. No charges have been filed. ||||| A 19-year-old is dead, after accidentally shooting himself in the neck while posing for photos with a gun.The shooting happened at an apartment complex in the 9800 block of Forum Park in southwest Houston. Police say Deleon Smith found a gun and was taking photos of his cousin and himself.Police say Smith was posting photos to social media when the 19-year-old accidentally shot himself and died. Police have taken his cell phone as part of their investigation."It's the worst feeling of my life," said Eric Douglas, the victim's uncle."A numb feeling. It's like still unbelievable," said Alma Douglas, the victim's grandmother. "Yesterday was my birthday. He came to wish me a happy birthday. And then to hear this kind of news. He was starting community college tomorrow."Family members say Smith was supposed to start classes at Houston Community College tomorrow. The young father leaves behind two small daughters, ages one and three, according to relatives.There's no word yet who may have owned the gun. ||||| 